Important Dates and Reminders


Fall Yard Waste Pickups: October 24th (rain date October 25th) AND
November 21st (rain date November 22nd). Please have all yard waste
in paper bags or tied in 3-4 foot bundles placed curbside by 7 am
Monday. Yard waste includes grass clippings, leaves, twigs, small
branches, dead plants, or other organic matter from your yard.
Anything other than yard waste will not be picked up. This is a
service provided by LFHA in conjunction with the Champaign County
Road District.

Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett, mentioned homeowners can
drop off dry, burnable yard waste to the Township Highway Dept.,
located near the Township Hall at the end of Kearns Road off Staley
Road, 7 am to 3:30 pm, Monday thru Friday. There is no dumping fee.

WHAT A JOY IT IS!

What a joy it is to live in our subdivisions. Our golf course
neighborhoods have mature trees, meandering streets with a great
variety of residential architecture and vast expanses of open space
from the fairways and lakes. Our residents are often seen out
walking, biking, or running. Our neighbors take pride in their
homes, yards and gardens. Many have been remodeling, rebuilding and
re-landscaping. Sometimes its good to just drink it in. We have
included some pictures taken in our subdivisions on August 27, 2011.

FRIENDLY REMINDERS

•  Be a good neighbor, do not park automobiles, trucks, trailers
etc. on the street.
•  Be a good neighbor, keep your yard light illuminated.
•  Be a good neighbor, when walking with your dog, please clean up.
•  Be a good neighbor, keep sidewalks clear of trees, shrubs and
plantings for our walkers.
•  Be a good neighbor, keep your walks clear of snow and ice after
any winter storms. 

        A Message from the Board of Directors

DUES STRUCTURE. At the Annual Membership Meeting held in May, the
Board of Directors informed those members attending that our
membership dues structure is limited by the subdivision covenants to
no more than $25.00 per year. It has been at this level since the
homeowners association was established. With inflation having
greatly reduced the effectiveness of the funds generated, it was a
consensus of those in attendance that the $25.00 cap on dues be
eliminated.

This can only be done by the positive vote of 80% of the members.

Legal counsel has prepared two resolutions addressing this issue for
your consideration. The first resolution addresses the issue for
this year and the second addresses it for future years. Please
review the attached Proxy and vote on each issue. Please return your
vote in the enclosed envelope.

911 BEACON LAMPS. The Board has purchased a supply of 911 Beacon
lamps. These lamps are designed to be used in the typical house,
porch and yard light fixtures. It operates like a regular 60 watt
incandescent lamp in normal use. But, if you have an emergency at
your home, you can turn the lamp off and on three times and the lamp
will begin flashing--making it easier for police, fire, and
ambulance responders to quickly identify the residence where help is
needed.

The lamps are guaranteed to last for 2000 hours of normal use. They
normally cost $19.95 each. But since we ordered them in bulk, we are
able to offer them to homeowners at $12.00 each. If you are
interested in buying some, please send in the order form made a part
of this newsletter with your payment, or contact Treasurer Ann
Webbink at 3909 Farhills Drive, Champaign, IL 61822 or at (217)
840-9190. Additional information concerning the lamps can be
obtained from the web site of our supplier, Safety Think, Inc. Their
phone number is (866) 723-3894. http://www. safetythink.com/Landing+
-+Home/91 lBeacon.html.

GARAGE SALE WEEKEND. It has been suggested that the Board coordinate
a Neighborhood Garage Sale weekend. This is not an attempt to limit
the frequency or timing of individual garage sales, but rather an
attempt to promote a much more well received event with enhanced
advertising paid for by the Association to generate larger consumer
response. The thought is that if many of us are holding garage sales
the same day, more customers will be attracted. If you would like
the Board to coordinate such a sale, please send in the attached
coupon expressing your interest. If there are enough households
willing to participate, we will schedule a late spring 2012 weekend
and keep you informed.

FALL AND WINTER ARE COMING. Leaves will soon fall. We will have two
yard and leaf waste pick ups again this fall. The dates are October
24th and November 21st. Mark you calendars and take advantage of
this service.

Snow will soon follow. It is amazing how many of our residents
continue to take walks for exercise and/ or to exercise their pets
even when there is lots of snow on the ground. It is important that
we all clear our walks of snow and ice in the wake of storms. It is
both a matter of common courtesy and a safety issue. So, please make
arrangements to clear your walks of snow and ice following each
storm this season, even if you are on vacation or away for the
winter.

THANK YOU VOLUNTEERS. Sharon Dill and Jeanne Martin answered our
call for volunteers to maintain, trim, water and weed the
landscaping surrounding the entrance sign at the corner of
Cobblefield and Kirby. Their efforts, along with assistance from the
homeowners on whose land it sits, have kept this area looking very
attractive. Next time you see Jeanne or Sharon, give them your
thanks. Maybe a hug too. An additional thank you to Board member
John Ison who coordinated the landscape clean up of the neglected
property on Meadowbrook Court.
