pring 2011
              LFHA Homeowner Newsletter **


              Important Dates and Reminders

Spring Yard Waste Pickup: May 9th (rain date May 10th). Please have
all yard waste in paper bags or tied in 3-4 foot bundles placed
curbside by 7 am Monday. Yard waste includes grass clippings,
leaves, twigs, small branches, dead plants, or other organic matter
from your yard. Anything other than yard waste will not be picked
up. This is a service provided by LFHA in conjunction with the
Champaign Township Road District.

Township Road Commissioner, Keith Padgett, mentioned homeowners can
drop off dry, burnable yard waste to the Township Highway Dept.,
located near the Township Hall at the end of Kearns Road off Staley
Road, 7 am to 3:30 pm, Monday thru Friday. There is no dumping fee.

The ANNUAL MEETING of the LFHA will be held on Tuesday May 17, 2011
at the Lincolnshire Fields Country Club.

There will be a "Meet and Greet Your Neighbor" social hour starting
at 6 pm with a cash bar. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 7
PM. If you attend, you will be able to cast any vote directly. If
you do not plan to attend, it is important that you mail your proxy
to either Bob Todd at 3326 Stoneybrook Drive, Champaign, IL 61822,
or Scott Anderson at 4010 Clubhouse Drive, Champaign, IL 61822.

We encourage you to attend so you can fully participate in YOUR
association.


News from the Board of Directors

The board undertook two physical improvements to the subdivision
this year. There were several trees in the Southeast Commons that
were getting near the end of their lives and were believed to be
unstable. So, we removed them and trimmed up the vegetation in the
area. Pictures of this area are included in this newsletter.

We also decided to improve the subdivision sign at the corner of
Cobblefield and Kirby. The land on which it sits is owned by one of
our members. Last year we negotiated a lease to insure that we would
continue to have the use of this space and undertook some
landscaping. This year we upgraded the sign to make it more easily
read. A picture of the new signage appears above and to the left.
Are there any volunteers to make sure the plants get watered and
weeds get pulled? If so, please call me.

We continue to receive complaints concerning behaviors which impact
the ambiance and safety of our neighborhoods:

● Parking of recreational or commercial vehicles and equipment
outside for more than just a few days or parking vehicles on the
street. It is certainly understandable that one will need to park a
boat, camper or other recreational equipment at ones home for a few
days in preparation for and upon return from a trip, but our
subdivision covenants prohibit parking them outside. We don't get on
your case for a few days, but please don't keep them outside for
more than a few days. Please either park them in your garage or find
a permanent home for them elsewhere                  

●  Failure to replace burnt out yard lights. When the subdivision
was built it was agreed with the township that they would accept the
roads without street lamps if we all installed yard lights and kept
them lit at night. We need to continue to uphold our end of this
bargain. This is both an aesthetic and safety issue.

● Failure to remove snow from sidewalks. It is surprising how many
residents continue to run or walk in our neighborhood even when
there is lots of snow on the ground. And of course, many of us still
walk our pets. So, please shovel your walks, or hire someone to do
it for you—even if you are gone for the winter. It will make it
easier and safer for all of those still trying to walk in our
subdivision in the aftermath of snow and ice storms.

Bob Todd and Jeanne Martin are retiring after three years each of
superb service on your Board of Directors. We owe them both a huge
debt of gratitude. Your board has been very effective with their
input. The nomination committee has selected Paul Kane who is a
salon and spa owner and relative newcomer to the subdivision (3804
Deerfield) and Max Mitchell a realtor and long time Lincolnshire
Fields resident (3345 Stoneybrook) to serve three year terms
beginning immediately after the Annual Meeting

We have added a social hour with a cash bar at 6:00 p.m. in front of
our 7:00 p.m. Annual Meeting at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club on
May 17th this year. We hope you will take this opportunity to greet
your neighbors and share your concerns desires and questions with
your homeowner's association Board Members in an informal setting.
Then join us for our annual meeting. See you then!

Scott Anderson, Jr. 


FRIENDLY REMINDERS

● Be a good neighbor, do not park automobiles, trucks, etc. on the
street. 
● Be a good neighbor, keep your yard light illuminated. 
● Be a good neighbor, when walking with your dog, please clean up. 
● Be a good neighbor, keep sidewalks clear of trees, shrubs and
plantings for our walkers.

Be a good neighbor and remember that LFGCC cart paths are private
property and insurance limitations prohibit use by non-members of
the club.

Now that we have an attractive entrance at Cobblefield and Kirby,
your board is seeking volunteers to help tend the plantings during
the summer. We know that we have many talented gardeners in the area
and we're hoping that some of those will volunteer to lend a hand.
The board will cover the cost of supplies; all we need is your time
and talent. Please contact Scott Anderson if you'd like to help.

DUES INCREASE: our Board has been receiving suggestions for capital
improvement projects in our neighborhoods to include additional or
enhanced entry signs, adding sidewalks for safety reasons, common
area improvements, etc. In order to be fiscally responsible, these
improvements would necessitate a dues increase and we would welcome
any and all comments from the homeowners before or during the annual
meeting. As a reminder, we believe that the dues have been $25 for
at least 20+ years and are significantly below comparable
subdivisions in our community. It is the intention of the Board to
bring an increase in the annual dues from $25 to $50 up for
discussion as an Agenda item at the Annual Meeting on May 17, 2011
to be effective at the next dues payment date in the fall of 2011.


** Pictures not included in this version of the Newsletter.
