LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION BY-LAWS


          ARTICLE I

          Definitions

  Section 1. "Association" shall mean and refer to the LINCOLNSHIRE
FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, a nonprofit corporation organized and
existing under the laws of the State of Illinois as of January 26,
1967.

  Section 2. "The Properties" shall mean and refer to the
subdivisions and condominiums listed in the attached Exhibit I and
such additions thereto as may hereafter be brought within the
jurisdiction of the Association.

  Section 3. "Common Properties" shall mean and refer to such areas
listed in the attached Exhibit II and any other properties as may
hereafter be acquired by the Association for the common benefit and
enjoyment of the residents within the area known as Lincolnshire
Fields.


          ARTICLE II

          Location

  Section 1. The principal office of the Association shall be
located within the area known as Lincolnshire Fields in Champaign
County, Illinois.


          ARTICLE III

          Membership

  Section 1. All property owners in the subdivisions and
condominiums in Lincolnshire Fields as described in Exhibit I shall
be members of the Association.

  Section 2. The rights of membership are subject to the payment of
assessments levied by the Association, the obligation of which
assessment is imposed against each member and becomes alien upon
said member's lot as provided by the restrictive covenants filed in
the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois.

  Section 3. The rights and privileges of any member whose interest
in The Properties is subject to assessment, whether or not
personally obligated to pay such assessment, may be suspended by
action of the Directors during the period when the assessment
remains unpaid; but upon payment of such assessment, such rights and
privileges shall be automatically restored.

  Section 4. On all matters brought for vote by members, there shall
be permitted one vote for each lot in the platted subdivisions and
condominiums of Lincolnshire Fields, said vote to be exercised by
the owner(s) of record or the designated representative of said
owner(s) of record.

  If the Directors have adopted and published rules and regulations
governing the use of the Common Properties and the personal conduct
thereon of any member or guest, as provided in Article VI Section
l(d), they may, in their discretion, suspend the rights of any such
member for violation of such rules and regulations for a period not
to exceed thirty days.


          ARTICLE IV

        Association Purposes and Powers

  Section 1. The Association has been organized to promote the
health, safety, and welfare of the members Of Lincolnshire Fields
Subdivisions located in the Southeast Quarter (SE 1/4), Section 21,
Township 19 North, Range 8 East 01 the Third Principal Meridian in
Champaign County, Illinois, and such additions thereto as may
hereafter be brought within the jurisdiction of the Association.
Pursuant thereto the Association shall have the following powers:

    (a) To do anything that, in the opinion of the Board of
Directors, will promote the common benefit and enjoyment of the
members of the Association;

    (b) To provide for maintenance of the Commons Properties of the
Association;

    (c) To fix assessments or charges to be levied upon lots and
homes within the areas described in Exhibit I, subject to these
By-Laws; to fix reasonable assessments or charges for lots
surrounding specific Commons Properties for the maintenance thereof
where such Common Properties are of benefit only to the surrounding
lots;

    (d) To enforce any and all covenants, restrictions, and
agreements applicable to the areas described in Exhibits I and IT
and to collect any and all fees and assessments owing from any
member. In the event the Association or its Board of Directors
incurs expenses in the enforcement of the breach of any covenant,
restriction, or agreement, or in the collection of any money owed by
a member for fees or assessments, the Association and its Board may
recover such expenses from the member including but not limited to,
reasonable attorney's fees and costs of any legal or equitable
action taken by the Board for such enforcement or collection;

    (e) To pay taxes, if any, on the Common Properties and of the
Association.

  The enumeration of the above powers is not intended to place an
obligation upon the Association to provide all of the above, but is
an enumeration of the powers that may be exercised by the Board of
Directors on behalf of the Association.


          ARTICLE V

          Board of Directors

  Section 1. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by a
Board of Directors consisting of not less than seven members who
will serve terms of three years each.

  Section 2. Vacancies in the Board of Directors shall be filled by
majority vote of the remaining Directors, any such appointed
Director to hold office until that vacancy is filled by election by
the members at the next annual or special meeting.

  Section 3. Election to the Board of Directors shall take place at
the annual meeting. At such meeting, the members of the Association
or their proxies may cast, in respect of each vacancy to be filled,
one vote per lot owned. The names receiving the largest number of
votes shall be elected.


          ARTICLE VI

      Powers and Duties of the Board of Directors

  Section 1. The Board of Directors shall have the power:

    (a) To call special meetings of the members with proper notice
whenever it deems necessary, and it shall call a meeting at any time
upon written request of one-fourth of the voting membership, as
provided in Article VII;

    (b) To appoint and remove at pleasure all officers, agents and
employees of the Association, prescribe their duties, fix their
compensation, if any, and require of them such security as it may
deem expedient;

    (c) To establish, levy and assess, and collect the assessments
or charges referred to in these By-Laws;

    (d) To adopt and publish rules and regulations governing the use
of the Common Properties and the personal conduct thereon of the
members and their guests;

    (e) To issue, or to cause an appropriate officer to issue, upon
request, a letter stating whether or not a member's assessment has
been paid.

  Section 2.  It shall be the duty of the Board of Directors:

    (a) To cause to be kept a complete record of all of its acts and
corporate affairs and to present a statement thereof to the members
at the annual meeting, or at any special meeting when such is
requested in writing by one-fourth of the voting membership;

    (b) To fix the amount of the assessment against each lot for
each assessment period at least thirty days in advance of such date
or period;

    (c) To prepare a record of the properties and assessments
applicable thereto, which shall be kept in the office of the
Association, and shall be open to inspection by any member;

    (d) To send written notice of each assessment to every member
subject thereto.


          ARTICLE VII

          Director's Meetings

  Section 1.  A regular meeting of the Board of Directors shall be
held immediately following the annual meeting of members of the
Association and at such other times as the Board of Directors may,
by resolution, designate.

  Section 2.  Notice of the Board meeting following immediately
after the regular annual meeting is hereby waived.

  Section 3.  Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be
held when called by any officer of the Association or by any two
Directors after not less than two days' notice to each Director.

  Section 4.  The transaction of any business at any meeting of the
Board of Directors, however called and noticed, or wherever held,
shall be as valid as though made at a meeting duly held after
regular call and notice if a quorum is present and, if either before
or after the meeting, each of the Directors not present signs a
written waiver of notice, or a consent to the holding of such
meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers,
consents or approvals shall be filed with the Association record and
made a part thereof.

  Section 5.  The majority of the Board of Directors shall
constitute a quorum thereof.


          ARTICLE VIII

          Officers

  Section 1.  The officers shall be a President, a Vice President, a
Secretary, and a Treasurer. The President and the Vice President
shall be members of the Board of Directors.

  Section 2.  The officers shall be chosen by majority vote of the
Directors.

  Section 3.  All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the
Board of Directors.

  Section 4.  The President shall preside at all meetings of the
Board of Directors, shall see that orders and resolutions of the
Board of Directors are carried out; and shall sign all notes,
checks, leases, mortgages, deeds and all other written instruments.

  Section 5.  The Vice President shall perform all the duties of the
President in his absence.

  Section 6.  The Secretary shall be ex officio the Secretary of the
Board of Directors and shall record the votes and keep the minutes
of all proceedings in a record to be kept for that purpose. The
Secretary shall keep a record of the names and addresses of all
members of the Association.

  Section 7.  The Treasurer shall receive and deposit in appropriate
bank accounts all monies of the Association and shall disburse such
funds as directed by resolution of the Board of Directors, provided
however, that a resolution of the Board of Directors shall not be
necessary for disbursements made in the ordinary course of business
conducted within the limits of a budget adopted by the Board. The
Treasurer shall sign all checks and notes of the Association,
provided that such checks and notes shall also be signed by the
President or the Vice President.

  Section 8.  The Treasurer shall keep proper records of account and
make a report thereof to members at the annual meeting of the
Association.


          ARTICLE IX

          Committees

  Section 1. The Association may have such standing committees as
shall be designated by the Board of Directors of the Association.


          ARTICLE X

          Meetings of Members

  Section 1 .  The regular annual meeting of the members shall be
held on the second Tuesday of the month of May.

  Section 2. Special meetings of the members for any purpose may be
called at any time with proper notice, by the President, the Vice
President, the Secretary or the Treasurer, or upon written request
of one-fourth of the voting membership.

  Section 3. Notice of any meetings shall be given to the members by
the Secretary. Notice may be given to the member either personally,
or by sending a copy of the notice through the mail, postage thereon
fully prepaid, to the address appearing on the books of the
corporation. Each member shall register the address with the
Secretary, and notices of meetings shall be mailed to such address.
Notice of any meeting, regular or special, shall be mailed at least
six days in advance of the meeting and shall set forth in general
the nature of the business to be transacted.

  Section 4. The presence at the meeting of members entitled to
cast, in person or by proxy, one-tenth of the votes of the
membership shall constitute a quorum for any action governed by
these By-Laws. Any action governed by the Articles of Incorporation
or by the restrictive covenants of the applicable Subdivision shall
require a quorum as therein provided.

          ARTICLE XI

          Proxies

  Section 1.  At all Association meetings of members, each member
may vote in person or by proxy.

  Section 2.  All proxies shall be in writing and filed with the
Secretary. No proxy shall extend beyond a period of eleven months,
and every proxy shall automatically cease upon sale of the member's
lot.


          ARTICLE XII

          Records

  Section 1.  The books and records of the Association shall at all
times, during reasonable business hours, be subject to inspection by
members.


          ARTICLE XIII

          Amendments

  Section 1.  These By-Laws may be amended, at a regular or special
meeting of the members, by a vote of a majority of a quorum of
members present in person or by proxy, provided that those
provisions of these By-Laws which are governed by the Articles of
Incorporation of this Association may not be amended except as
provided in the Articles of Incorporation or by applicable law.

  Section 2.  In case of any conflict between the Articles of
Incorporation and these By-Laws, the Articles shall control; and in
case of any conflict between the covenants and restrictions
applicable to Lincolnshire Fields Subdivisions and these By-Laws,
the covenants and restrictions for said Subdivisions shall control.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we, being the Directors of the LINCOLNSHIRE
FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, have hereunto set our hands and seals
this 30th day of April, 2005.

Kassandra Nudo, President

Robin Purgett, Vice President

Steve A Johnson, Treasurer

Dominic Skaperdas, Secretary

Jerry Benson

Sharon Lukas
