Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, November 7, 2006

Location: Home of Jerry Benson, 1905 Trout Valley, Champaign

Members Present: Jerry Benson, Robert. Frederick, KassieNudo, Sue
Schinimel, Greg Thorn, Ann Webbink, Dominic Skaperdas

Members Absent: None

Call-to Order: The meeting was called to order at 7:00 PM.

Approval of the Minutes: The minutes of the Board meeting of
August7, 2006 were reviewed and approved.

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann reported on the collection of the recently passed annual
assessment of $25.00, which was due October 31,2006. She stated that
over 80 percent of LFHA homeowners have paid this year's assessment.
She reviewed the LFHA fiscal balance report beginning 8/5/06 and
ending 1/6/06. The report was accepted and a copy is appended to
these minutes.

  A discussion followed on how to collect current assessments from
delinquents. A history of the laborious past efforts in collecting
from delinquents led to a proposal for a stricter procedure which
would ultimately involve placing a lien on the property of resolute
delinquents. Due account would be taken for those who have a
legitimate excuse. Accordingly, a motion was made and passed wherein
a first-class letter will be sent stating that there will be a
$10.00 late payment fee if assessments have not been paid by
December 31, 2006. Furthermore, if delinquents have not responded by
then, a registered letter will be sent stating that a lien will be
placed on their properties and that removing such liens would
involve paying the due assessment, late payment fee and LFHA's cost
of the lien.

  Future Spring Newsletters will remind homeowners of the yearly
assessment.

President's Report: 
  Jerry reported on the Village of Savoy Fire Department's
discontinuance of fire protection on April I, 2007 for regions
contiguous to LFHA. It so happened that one LFHA homeowner is
involved. The Bondville Fire Department will be contacted to ensure
that this property is included in LFHA/Bondville fire protection
plan. The Board Book was updated to correct Sue's telephone number
to 356-7543. Jerry stated that he was unable to commit time to the
LFHA Commons.

  Committee and that ex-LFHA Secretary Steve Johnson has volunteered
to be on this committee. Robert Frederick, as chairman, has the
responsibility to form the Commons Committee in any way he sees fit.

Old Business: 
  Ann reported that LFHA has received tax exempt status from the US
Government and that application for the same has been made to the
State of Illinois. Jerry reported on the stalling of the CSW MTD
Board appointments by the Champaign County Board Chairperson. Local
elections taking place today may resolve this stalling.

New Business: 
  One of the two lights illuminating the LFHA sign at the comer of
Staley and Bentbrook has needed replacement. The bulb is a special
high-cost type. Even though Ameren IP provides and charges LFHA for
the power to. this lighting system they do not service it. In order
to simplify and ease demands on LFHA Board members, all of whom are
volunteers, a motion was made and approved to abandon this lighting
system and for Dominic to contact Ameren IP for the installation of
a light pole at this comer, similar to those at our other eight
entrances and maintained by them.

  Jerry described metal reflector signs that might replace the two
wooden entrance signs at Staley/Brentwood and Duncan/Stoneybrook.
Sue will visit the sign maker and bring samples at our next meeting.
Greg presented a report of his Sign Committee, a copy of which is
appended to these minutes. The report concludes" We recommend adding
no new signs other than exploring the addition of metal Lincolnshire
Field signs at all entrances on township street sign poles.
Additional major consideration should be given to preserving the
attractive signage at Kirby and Cobblefield." Greg will draft a
letter signed by him to the condo association at Duncan/Stoneybrook
describing our plans.

  The Board discussed next year's Board makeup. Greg, as the current
Vice President, by custom, is slated to be President. However, due
to time constraints, he will be unable to take this position.
Dominic's term as Secretary, expires in May 2007and will retire from
this position. Jerry's term also expires May 2007 and Kassie will be
resigning from the Board this spring. Board members were advised to
start recruitment for the posts of President and Secretary and
proposing new Board members.
Kassie brought up a problem with a satellite dish set away from the
house in the middle of a neighbor's property. It was suggested that
she consult with the architectural committee to see if they could
resolve the problem.
The Board approved the payment of bills pertaining to LFHA businesss
by Treasurer Ann Webbink.

Next Board Meeting: The next Board meeting was set for Monday,
February 12, 2007, 7:00 PM at the home of Ann Webb ink, 3909 Far
Hills.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 8:47 PM.

Respectfully submitted,

Dominic Skanperdas - Secretary


LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION 
TREASURER'S REPORT FOR BOARD MEETING 11-7-06 
8-6-06 THROUGH 11-6-06

Beginning Balance on 8-5-06------$5735.30

Income: 
Assessments as of 11-6-06---------8900.00 
Bank Interest-----------------------17.85 
Total Income-----------$8917.85 

Expenses: 
Ameren IP-----------------------------------411.48
Printing and Mailing (Upc1ose Printing)-----250.96
Postage and Ledger books---------------------19.87
Other (tree removal)------------------------800.00
Total Expense----------$1482.31

Ending Balance on 11-6-06-------$13170.84

Checking balance----------------------$9068.05
7 Month CD (5.15% APY) matures 3/07---$4102.79

Total:-------$13170.84
