Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, February 12, 2007 

Location: Home of Ann Webbink, 3909 Far Hills, Champaign 

Members Present: Jerry Benson, Robert Frederick, Sue Schimmel, Greg
Thom, Ann Webbink, Dominic Skaperdas. 

Members Absent: Kassie Nudo.

Call to Order: The meeting was called to order at 7:05 PM

Approval of the Minutes: The minutes of the Board meeting of
November 7, 2006 were reviewed and approved.

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann reported that all but one assessments have been collected. The
exception is LFHA member Jack Hayes, who has refused to pay in spite
of several contacts by our Treasurer. President Jerry will
personally call on him for payment, and if this fails, a motion was
made and passed to file a lien against his residence for payment and
expenses. Another motion was made and passed to send all future
first assessment letters by first class mail

  Ann presented LFHA's expenditures for the calendar year 2006 and
the Treasurer's report for the period l l/6/06 to 2/12/07. Both
reports were accepted by the Board and are appended to these
minutes.

  The Board approved the sum of $19.94 to Ann Webbink for her
incurred expenses.

President's Report: 
  A request to join LFHA was presented to Jerry by Terry Schmitt,
who represents eight units at 7 Fields East. Jerry will contact Dan
Hallbeck to determine if Fields East was originally part of LFHA. If
not he will consult the legality of this matter with attorney Brett
Kepley

  Jerry reported that the CS MTD now has a new Board. The Board will
request the County Clerk to place a referendum asking for an
assessment of 0.025% of all residences in its jurisdiction for legal
fees and operating expenses connected with establishing the CS MTD.

  The LFHA entrance sign at the corner of Staley and Bentbrook has
fallen off its supporting structure. Since a light pole has been
ordered for this corner the residents of the condominiums on whose
property the present sign exists have requested that the remaining
wood structure be removed. Sue will contact handyman Lowell Seaton

Old Business: 
  Sue displayed several pictures of possible entrance signs in the
price range of $900 to $ 1700 by American Dowell. The Board decided
that this type of entrance sign would be too difficult to employ
because of the legal and maintenance problems involved in installing
them on private properties.

  Ann reported that LFHA's request for Illinois State tax exemption
was rejected. LFHA does have Federal income tax exemption. After
debating the consequences of LFHA never having paid State income
taxes it was decided that we should now start paying them. Since the
tax amount would be very small (under $250) any possible back taxes
and penalties could be easily handled. Robert will determine the
proper income tax form to be filed.

  Dominic reported on the status of the pole light at the corner of
Staley and Bentbrook which was ordered on 12/19/06. Inquiries at
Ameren's Engineering and Construction site yielded a starting date
of March 1, 2007 and a contract number 5639883850. Ron Schneider,
the engineer assigned to our project, rarely returns calls and never
submitted a cost estimate, which he promised on December 19, 2006.
Dominic will continue to press for project completion.

  Access to the two commons was discussed. Robert pointed out that,
even though there is no public access to the NVV commons, LFHA can
obtain access through any property for maintenance purposes. The
Commons Committee will soon meet to work on the difficult problem of
removing encroachments on the SE commons.

  Board members were again advised to continue recruiting for new
nominees for the Board. Dominic's term expires in May, 2007 and
Kassie will be resigning from the Board on that date.

New Business: 
  Sue was instructed to send LFHA's newsletter by March 15. The
letter will include the following: The annual Spring Yard Waste
Pickup to take place on May 7 and 8: a notice for those residents
selling homes to ask their realtors to notify LFHA. A reminder of
the annual September assessment, which will be delinquent after
October 31, 2007, after which there will be a $10.00 late fee: and,
finally, a letter of thanks for all who have paid their assessments
without time consuming reminders by the Treasurer.

  For this year only the Board voted to move the Annual Meeting date
from the second Tuesday of May to the third, May 15, 2007 in order
to have a majority of the Board members present. Greg Thom will
reserve a meeting room at the Lincolnshire Fields Country Club for
the Annual Meeting.

Next Board Meeting: The next Board meeting was set for Apnl 30,
2007, 7:00 PM at the home of Greg Thom, 3005 Stoneybrook.

Adjournment: The meeting was adjourned at 8:40 PM.

Respectfully, submitted,
Dominic Skaperdas, Secretary
