Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting, April 30, 2007 

Location: 
  Home of Greg Thom, 3005 Stoneybrook, Champaign, IL Members
Present: Jerry Benson, Robert Frederick, Kassie Nudo, Sue Schimmel,
Greg Thom, Ann Webbink, Dominic Skaperdas Members Absent: None

Call-to-Order: The meeting was called to order at 7:00 PM

LFHA Web Page Demo: 
  Before the Board began official duties a demonstration of the
first draft of a proposed LFHA web page was given by developer Vern
Magnuson. The Board was favorably impressed with the many
time-saving features for Board members and efficiency of
disseminating LFHA information to the general membership. The Board
voted to engaged Mr. Magnuson to produce a working version of a web
page, whose address will be http://ww.lincolnshirefields.org

Approval of the Minutes: The minutes of the Board meeting of
February 12, 2007 were reviewed and approved.

Treasurer's Report: 
  Ann presented the treasurer's report for the period 2/13/07
through 4/30/07 The report was approved and is appended to these
minutes.

  Ann will file a lien against Jack Hayes, a resident of 2202
Byrnebruk, for the sum of $74.64 for his constant refusal to pay the
last LFHA assessment if it is established that he is the legal owner
of the property. Otherwise, the legal owner will be notified and
given sufficient time to pay the assessment to avoid a lien.

  Ann reported that the Glenshire Association, which shares the cost
for illuminating a common entrance corner with LFHA, has paid LFHA
$127.00 for one year of service. LFHA is billed by Ameren for the
amortization and power cost for the pole light at this corner. Due
to the rising cost of electricity the Board will re-evaluate the
future cost of Glenshire's share.

Entrance Signs: 
  Sue reported on proposed entrance signs for LFHA entrances. After
reviewing the costs, pros and cons for such signs the Board decided
to drop this project. Sue will advise the Bentbrook condominium
owners of this decision.

Commons Report: 
  Robert reported on the progress of the Commons committee. He
stated that the NW commons has been cleaned up by the adjacent
homeowners and that the major encroachments have been corrected.
Steve Johnson and Robert will now focus on the SE commons
encroachments

New Business: 
  Since Dominic will not be present for the Annual Meeting on May
15, 2007 he delivered 50 copies of the minutes of the last Annual
Meeting, several proxy summary sheets, several copies of proxy slips
and Annual Meeting sign-up sheets to be distributed or used at the
meeting. Greg Thom volunteered to take the minutes of the Annual
Meeting, as well as the Board meeting which immediately follows. 

  Kassie will resign from the Board and this is the end of Dominic's
third three-year term. Potential replacements and nominees are
Kathie Barton and Jennace Linton, who volunteered for the position
of Secretary.

  County Road Commissioner David McGath will be invited to the
Annual Meeting to report on and answer questions regarding new road
developments in and surrounding our area.

Next Board Meeting: 
  The next Board meeting will take place immediately after the
Annual Meeting to be held at 7:00 PM at the Garden Room,
Lincolnshire Fields Country Club, May 15, 2007.

Respectfully submitted, 
Dominic Skaperdas, Secretary
