Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Tuesday, August 10, 2010

Call to order:  President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order
at 7:00 a.m. at Original House of Pancakes.

Members Present:  Bob Todd; Scott Anderson; Ann Webbink, Jeanne
Martin, John Ison, Jennace Linton

Members Absent: Jeff Hays

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the May 18, 2010 meeting were
approved.

President’s Report: Scott discussed the fact that many of the
streets in LFHA are listed on separate covenants. He asked about
putting them all into one. Members agreed that it should just remain
as is for now. Perhaps, could become a long range goal.

On concerns and calls: Where trash had been on the curb for a long
time, it has now been removed. On Lake Point were a spot light was
shining into a yard across the lake, it too has been rectified. On
Staley and Kirby, there is a fence up and no mowing on the other
side of it. Scott talked to them. On Valleybrook, a homeowner is
parking 2 boats and a van in his driveway. Scott talked to him.
Currently the owner has moved one of the boats into the garage. It
was also noted that on Clubhouse Dr, there are many construction
vehicles parked on the street, however Scott can’t do much to
rectify that situation. 

Treasurer’s Report:  Ann passed out copies of her report. She
discussed some specifics. The Woods bill comes each month and totals
$800 a year. There are two insurance policies; general and Board of
Directors. Anne will cut two checks; one to Jennace for postage and
one for herself for copies made. She will be sending out letters
requesting dues. Ann called Busey for a form letter to return to
them when people are refinancing their homes, which seems to be
quite a few lately. 3 liens will be filed. Treasurer’s  report was
approved. 

Old Business: 
At 2008 Bentbrook, owners are raising pit bulls in the garage. Thus
they have 5-6 cars out on the street everyday and screens are off
the garage. It was requested that Scott give them a call. 

Tyler Moss home on Farhills is being sold and there has been a
complaint registered that there is no street lamp. A discussion
ensued about whether we can we require a street lamp be installed
before selling takes place. Scott will inform the owner that a
street lamp should be installed as per the covenant. 

New Business: 
Scott would like to host a dinner at his home to have a brain
storming session concerning topics about “What can we do the make
Lincolnshire Fields better.” Possible areas might be: improving the
entrance sign, looking into areas that don’t have sidewalks,
trimming up/removing older and damaged trees on the commons, etc.
The meeting was then scheduled for Sept 21st at 6:30. Scott will
provide the meat and beverages and everyone will bring a side dish. 

Misc. Business: 
Jennace will get 3 estimates on tree removal and trimming for trees
on south commons. 
Jeanne will get some estimates and suggestions for new lettering on
the entrance sign. 

The fall pick ups will be October 25th and November 22nd. 

Next Board Meeting:  The next board meeting will be on Monday,
November 1, 2010, at 7:00 P.M. at Jeanne Martin’s home. 

Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:00 a.m.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton
