Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, August 11, 2011

Call to order:  President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order
at 7:30 A.M. at Original Pancake House. 
Members Present: Scott Anderson, John Ison, Jennace Linton, Jeff
Hays, Max Mitchell.
Members Absent: Ann Webbink, Paul Kane

President’s Report: call for reports from officers. 

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the May 17 meeting were
corrected to include the statement that after hearing from the LFHA
members who were in attendance at the annual meeting in May, the
board should proceed with the steps necessary to increase dues. A
motion was made to seek further consultation on requirements to
change covenants and increase dues. With this amended, the minutes
were approved.

Treasurer’s Report: no report. Ann emailed her report to members
prior to the meeting. 

Old Business: 
John reported that the dead plants were replaced. Jeanie Martin and
Sharon Dill have been doing lots of work. Although Adam Becker
volunteered, he has not been contacted since we seem to have enough
people working on it now. There is some brush and pavers near the
sign and John will contact the owner to see if those belong to him
or LFHA responsibility. The solar lighting that Scott put in is
working however the volume of lighting is limited due to the shading
and quality of the solar lamps. Scott said that he would look into
additional solutions such as LED lights and transformer, talk to
Ameren about power, and perhaps approach the owners of the property
about adding electrical power. 

Jeff reported that the steps needed to change the dues from $25 a
year has been finalized. The ballot will go in the newsletter with
the returns coming to Ann. It is difficult to change with 80% of the
homeowners needing to approve it. This is a two part proposal. Part
one increases the dues in the 2012 year ONLY from $25 to $50. Part
two changes the covenants which would approve the amount to be set
by the board of directors and not 80% of the membership during any
fiscal year. This is meant to take care of future years not just the
2012 year.  Scott will put together a meeting by September 30th, so
that a canvass can be done during the first week of October for
ballots that were not returned. It was noted that the fiscal year is
May 1-April 30th of each year. 

New Business: 
Scott passed around a description of incandescent beacon lights. He
explained that essentially these are light bulbs designed to fit an
outdoor light fixture that can be turned into a flashing light by
manually flipping the interior light switch on a off several times
to set it in flash mode. It would be very helpful for emergency
vehicles to locate a house that has put in an emergency call. By
buying them in bulk, a reduced price could be obtained and passed on
to homeowners for purchase. A proposal was made to purchase $500 in
beacon lamps for re-sale to homeowners. Motion passed. Scott will
order the light bulbs. 

John reported that the emergency mowing was done at 3002 Meadow
Brook. He did several mowings along with John Stevens because the
grass was so tall and damp. John Stevens has agreed to continue
mowing for $25 per mowing. Currently, we own Mr. Stevens $150. John
Ison was thanked by the members for all the hard work put in on this
property that is essentially vacant with no family members taking
responsibility for it. Max agreed to talk to the bank and see what
their plans were for the house and if the family might agree to sell
it for the remaining mortgage. Max will report later on what he can
find out about the situation. 

On the Fields South street parking situation, it seems that the
daughter’s boyfriend is parking on the street. Since it is not an
owner and not a 24/7 situation, little can be done except to ask the
boyfriend not to park there. 

There is on street parking situation at 3010 Stoneybrook. The
situation seems to be that the garage is full of “stuff “. The owner
is single and it seems to be random people who are there with cars
in the street constantly. Scott will call and send a letter if
needed. 

At 3908 Farmington there is also an off street parking as well as a
trash situation. There are 2 trailers, refrigerators, and tires on
the property. Scott wrote them a letter. The trailer on the street
has been was moved to the property and the tires and refrigerators
are gone. They are in partial compliance now. Scott will continue
with it and seek an injunction if necessary. 

Farhills south area is complaining about the light pollution from
the condos across the street, Regency West. High beam lights are on
garages and directed outward. Discussion continued about what LFHA
association might do about this and if the light situation was
approved in the original plans. Jeff will call and ask Robert
Hornbaker about this. We might be able to talk to the Regency and
see if any trees or shrubs placed on the burm are in the plans.

Items in the newsletter will include: The ballot for the dues
adjustment, volunteers for the sign work, yard waste information and
dates, president’s report, beacon lamps, order form for beacon lamp,
garage sale information. 

Adjournment:  Next board meeting will be November 17th at 7:00 at
the home of Jennace Linton. Meeting adjourned 8:30 a.m.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton
