Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, February 7, 2011

Call to order:  President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order
at 7:00 p.m. at Ann Webbink’s home.

Members Present:  Bob Todd; Scott Anderson; Ann Webbink, John Ison,
Jennace Linton, Jeff Hays

Members Absent: Jeanne Martin

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the November 1, 2010 meeting
were approved. 

Treasurer’s Report:  Ann passed out copies of her report. She
thanked Bob for all his hard work in getting the power bill
straightened out with Ameren concerning the lights that are on city
property. The savings was over $500. Diamond Brother’s is our new
insurance agency for director’s insurance. There was a $10 state
filing fee that was paid by Ann and should now be reimbursed to her.
The Brown’s bill for maintenance was paid. We need to decide if the
service should be continued. Motion made to NOT renew the
maintenance contract and to seek services from members this year.
LFHA will pay for necessary chemicals to maintain landscaping around
the sign. Motion passed. Last year at this time, we had
approximately $9,000 working cash and this year we have about
$5,000. Ann suggested that we are not in a bad situation, however we
need to be a little careful with our spending since we have had more
expenses than in the previous year with improvements recently made.
Treasurer’s report was approved. 

President’s Report: Scott indicated that the winter weather has
brought on few complaints. 

Old Business: 
The entrance sign looks good. Right now a power source does not look
like it is in the immediate future so Scott bought about $30 worth
of solar lights that seem to be “casting a little glow” on the
signage in the evening hours. 

Scott would like to explore the possibility of putting sidewalks in
where they are lacking as residents must walk in the street. People
can be seen walking in the street on Byrnebruk and Club House by
Marvin Hills home. There is also about 300 feet by Farhills, which
is owned by the country club. Scott will make it a point to talk to
the club’s board president and get his take on the situation to see
if the club might be willing to help in obtaining sidewalks. 

New Business: 
Jennace was asked to look at the web site and make sure all the
minutes were current and if not, contact Vern to make sure they get
posted. 

It would be nice to have a secure email list. Perhaps there is a way
to have an email chain and each resident could go to the website and
change their address. We could consider having Vern in charge of it
if he is knowledgeable about how to put this together and maintain
it. We will ask at the annual meeting to see what homeowners think
of this idea.  

The annual board meeting will be on Tuesday, May 17, 2011, at 7:00
P.M. at Lincolnshire Fields country club. The regular board meeting
will immediately follow. There will be a meet and greet your
neighbors social hour beginning at 6:00 with a cash bar. Scott will
make the arrangements. Items on the agenda include: email chain,
sidewalks, maintaining landscaping, additional signs, discussion of
by-laws and covenants, dues increase, and leaf/waste pick up as well
as election of new members to the board. 

Since Bob Todd and Jeanne Martin are retiring, it was suggested that
we ask Paul Kane and Max Mitchell if they would like to serve on the
board. 

It is the intent of Jeff to make the newsletter bigger and better by
reformatting it and providing more information and some pictures. He
is in direct contact with Up Close Printing and hopes to have some
changes in the upcoming spring newsletter.  

Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:38 p.m.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton
