LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTH II
        A Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois
          Protective Covenants

STATE OF ILLINOIS     )
        ) SS.
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN   )


          OWNER'S CERTIFICATE

LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC., a Delaware Corporation, authorized to
transact business in the State of Illinois, legal owner of lands
located as follows:  A tract of land in the Northwest Quarter of
Section 21, Township 19 North, Range 8 East of the Third Principal
Meridian, Champaign County, Illinois, the boundary of which is more
particularly described as follows:

Beginning at the Northeast corner of Lincolnshire Fields North
recorded as Document No. 77R23151 in Plat Book Y at Page 211 in the
Office of the Recorder of Champaign County, Illinois; thence North
71~,48'00" West (local bearing) 235.44 feet along the North line of
said Lincolnshire Fields North, thence North 67~49'29" West 60.00
feet along said North line; thence North 79~50'23" West 184.54 feet
along said North line; thence North 71~31'02" West 149.99 feet along
said North line; thence North 69~38'45" West 60.00 feet along said
North line; thence South 20~21'15" West 14.98 feet along said North
line; thence North 69~32'45" West 120.00 feet along said North line;
thence North 19~55'13" East 17.00 feet along said North line; thence
North 05~06'23" East 26.95 feet along said North line; thence North
17o31'lG_ West 180.00 feet along said North line: thence around the
arc of a curve to the right having a long chord with a course and
length South 14~26'08" West 35.85 feet, a central angle of
03~54'48", a radius of 525.00 feet, for an arc distance of 35.86
feet along said North line; thence North 81~17'51" West 122.75 feet
along said North line to the Northwest corner of said Lincolnshire
Fields North; thence North 06~28'39" West 262.35 feet; thence North
13~16'13" East 301.81 feet; thence North 26~47'55" East 300.00 feet;
thence North 59~37'08" East 104.40 feet; thence  North 90~00'00"
East 353.50 feet; thence South 33~25'29" East 629.04 feet; thence
South 04~01'23" East 329.70 feet; thence South 26~54'55" East 191.90
feet; thence South 00~00'00" East 140.00 feet to the Point of
Beginning encompassing 19.548 Acres, more or less situated in
Champaign County, Illinois.

It is hereby provic1ed that all conveyances of property hereinafter
made in said Subdivision by the present or future owners of any of
the lands described in said Surveyor's Certificate for said
Subdivision shall, by adopting the above description of said land as
platted, be taken and understood as if incorporating in all such
conveyances without repeating the same, the following restrictions,
as applicable:


            DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

  Accessory Building:  Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building or
to the main use of the premises.

  Building Area:  That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

  Building Site:  A portion of the Subdivision consisting of at
least ninety-five percent (95%) of one entire lot, as platted.

  Dwelling:  Any building occupied or designed to be occupied by one
or more dwelling units.

  Dwelling Units:  A suite of two or more rooms in a building
designed for or used by one family only.

  Dwelling, Sing1e Family:  A detached dwelling containing only one
dwelling unit.

  Ground Floor Area:  That portion of it dwelling which is built
over a basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over
any other portion of the dwelling.


          AREA OF APPLICATION

The proposed covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to Lots
30 through 71, inclusive, as shown on the plat of said subdivision.


            COVENANTS

  1. Allowable Structures:  No structure shall be erected, altered,
placed, or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) oars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use.

  2. Architectural Control:

    a. Committee Membership:  The Architectural Control Committee is
composed of:
        Joseph C. Hallbeck
        Keith Whitmer

    b. Powers:  It is the purpose of Architectural Control to
promote the residential development of Lincolnshire Fields North II
subdivision, and to enhance property values therein; therefore, the
Architectural Control Committee shall have the right and power to
reject approval of plans submitted if they do not, in the
Committee's opinion, benefit and enhance the residential development
of the area; such approval, however, shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

    The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce
side-yard requirements by not more than twenty-five percent (25%) of
the required side-yard and to reduce the front and rear yard
requirements by not more than ten percent (l0%) of the applicable
required front or rear yard; the Committee shall have the further
power to reduce minimum dwelling size requirements where the size,
shape, and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion
of the Architectural Committee.

      (1) Building Plats, etc.:  No building, dwelling, fence, or
other structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part: of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material, and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines, boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the building site to the buildings and the grading
plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and approved
by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such plans and
specifications, plot plan and grading plan, as finally approved, is
deposited for permanent record with the Architectural Committee.

      (2) Approval of the Architectural Committee:  The
Architectural Committee shall, upon request, and after satisfactory
completion of improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If
the Committee fails to approve or reject any plan or matter
requiring approval within thirty (30) days after plans or
specifications have been submitted to it, or in any event if no suit
to enjoin construction has been commenced prior to the completion
thereof, approval shall be conclusively presumed and the related
covenants shall be deemed to have been fully complied with.

      (3) Right of Inspection:  During any construction or
alteration required to be approved by the Architectural Committee,
any member of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such
Committee, shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during
reasonable hours, any building site embraced within said Subdivision
and the improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether or not the provisions herein set forth have been and are
being fully complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass
by reason thereof.

      (4) Waiver of Liability:  The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided, shall
not be deemed to be a waiver by the said Committee of its right to
withhold approval as to similar other features or elements embodied
therein when subsequently submitted for approval in connection with
the same building site or any other building site.  Neither the said
Committee nor any member thereof, nor the present owner of said real
estate, shall be in any way responsible or liable for the loss or
damage, for any error or defect which may or may not be shown on any
plans and specifications or on any plot or grading plan, or planting
or other plan, or any building or structure or work done in
accordance with any other matter, whether or not the same has been
approved by the said Committee or any member thereof, or the present
owner of said real estate.

      (5) Constructive Evidence of Action By Architectural
Committee: Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or
insuring title to any building site, lot or parcel in such
Subdivision or any lien thereon or interest therein, shall be fully
justified in relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by
any member of the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall
fully protect any purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting
thereon.

  3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size:  It is the intent an
purpose of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of
the quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded.  For single family dwellings, the ground floor area
above $surrounding grade or the main structure, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than 1800 square feet, for a
dwelling of less than two stories; in the event the main structure
is a two-story dwelling, the ground floor area, exclusive of open
porches and garage, shall be not less than l,000 square feet, and
the total required floor area shall not be less than 2,000 square
feet, exclusive of open porches and garage.

  4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot
nearer than thirty-five (35) feat to the front street right-of-way
or nearer than thirty-five (35) feet to the rear lot line except
Lots 66, 67 and 68 shall be located not nearer than twenty-five (25)
feet to the front street right-of-way; no part of a dwelling shall
be located nearer to a side lot line than twelve (12) feet unless a
different distance is set forth on the recorded plat.  With respect
to all lots, no structures or fences shall be erected in the front
set back lines.  With respect to lots bordering upon the golf
course, no structures or fences or planting shall be erected in the
rear thirty-five (35) feet thereof except with the permission of the
Architectural Committee. It is the intent of this covenant to
provide a reasonable view of the golf course to all owners of lots
bordering upon the golf course; it is not intended to prohibit all
structures, fences, and planting; but merely to control the nature
and extent thereof.

  Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of a building
site rather than the platted lot lines. Accordingly, the
Architectural Committee shall have the power to increase the side
yard requirements to a minimum of fifteen percent (15%) of the width
of the building site at the building set back line where the
building site consists of more than one lot this power is in
addition to the power of the Architectural Committee set forth in
Paragraph 2, Subparagraph (b) above.

  5. Dwellings per Building Site:  Only one dwelling structure sha11
be constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing of
these lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to
reduce the area of width below ninety percent (90%) of the area and
width as platted.

  6. Easements:  Basements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on the recorded plat and also upon the front ten (10) feet of all
lots. No building or outside facility within the Subdivision sha1l
be supplied with utility service lines above the surface of the
ground. Each lot owner shall grant a written easement for such
underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, plantings, or any materials shall be
placed, planted, or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or, public ways which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation, or maintenance of the utilities. All utilities serving
this subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting therefrom transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility system shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

  Easements for golf course access are reserved as noted on the
recorded plat (between tots 46 and 47, and between Lots 30 and 3l}.
No structures, walls, fences, plantin9s or any materials shall be
placed, planted, or permitted to remain within the plotted easements
which may damage or interfere with the installation, use or
maintenance of paths to accommodate golfers, golf carts and golf
course maintenance equipment.

  7. Percentage of Lot Coverage:  All buildings on a building site,
including necessary buildings and the additional area enclosed by a
fence, the nature of which obstructs view through it, shall not
cover a total of more than thirty percent (30%) of the building
site, except with the prior express written approval of the
Architectural Committee.

  8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction:  All buildings
erected on any building site, shall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or
moved to said premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior to the erection or construction of
the dwelling. The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

  9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction:  The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently And continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted. No partial
construction shall be suspended for more than twenty (20) working
days.

  10. Maintenance of Lot Site during Construction:  During the
course of construction all materials and equipment shall be stored
only on the lot on which construction is underway; debris and waste
involved in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is underway and shall be removed from the premises each
Saturday or be suitably covered. Lightweight debris shall be stored
in containers to avoid blowing upon adjacent lots. No burning shall
take place, of debris, upon the premises except with permission of a
representative of LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC. The intent of this
covenant is to maintain and preserve a clean and neat appearance in
the Subdivision at all times. A lot owner or lot purchaser violating
this covenant individually or through his contractor may be assessed
by the subdivider or the Homeowners Association up to $10 per day
for violations, if any, occurring after notice is given of any prior
violation.

  11. Temporary Structures:  No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other outbuilding
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

  12. Signs:  No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public
view on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one
square foot, one sign of not more than five square feet advertising
the property for sale or rent, or signs used by the builder during
construction which are attached to the building, or signs of the
Developer.

  13. Oil and Mining Operations:  No oil drilling, oil development
operation, oil refining, quarrying, or mining operations of any kind
shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot. No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained, or permitted
upon any lot.

  No person, firm, or corporation shall strip, excavate, or
otherwise remove soi1 or sale or for use other than on the premises
from which the same shall be taken, except in connection with the
construction or a-alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

  14. Livestock and Poultry:  No animals, livestock, or poultry of
any kind shall be raised, bred, or kept on any lot, except that no
more than two dogs, cats, or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

  15. Garbage and Refuse Disposal:  No lot shall be used or
maintained as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage, grass,
or other cuttings and other waste shall be kept on1y in sanitary
containers and shall not be dumped upon any other lot in the
subdivision. All incinerators or other equipment for the storage or
disposal of such material shall be kept in a clean and sanitary
condition and stored in a manner either inside a garage or other
building or below ground so as not to be visible from other
property.

  16. Storage:  No building material of any kind or character shall
be p1aced or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such materials shall be placed within the property
lines of the building site upon which improvements are to be
erected.

  17. Street Sight Line Obstruction:  No fence, wall, hedge, or
shrub planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two
and six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to
remain on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the
street right-of-way lines extended. Further, none of the above
described obstructions shall be placed or permitted to remain in the
triangu1ar area formed by a street right-of-way line, either edge of
any driveway, and a line connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward
from either side of a driveway and a point on the edge of the
driveway towards the building fifteen (15) feet from the street
right-of-way line.

  18. Sewerage Systems:  A sanitary sewer system has been installed
in the subdivision and, therefore, no individual sewage disposal
system shall be installed or maintained on any lot.

  19. Off-street Parking:  All property owners shall provide either
a garage or carport for the number of automobiles in use by the
residents on the property. All property owners or residents in the
Subdivision owning or possessing trucks, trailers, campers, boats,
motorcycles or motor homes which they desire to park in the
Subdivision shall provide and use an enclosed garage for the storage
of same when not in motion.

  20. Sidewalks and Driveways:  Each property owner shall repair and
maintain in good condit1on any sidewalk provided for his respective
lot until such time as the responsibility for repair and maintenance
has been accepted by public authorities. Driveways between public
walk and residence must be paved with concrete or asphalt. Driveways
between the sidewalk and street shall be paved with concrete or
asphalt, or Portland Cement, minimum of five (5) inch thickness.

  21. Nuisances:  No noxious or offensive activity shall be carried
on upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or
may become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on
vacant lots shall be cut between June 1 and October 1 in each year
whenever the height of such weeds exceeds twelve (12) inches. If the
lot owner fails to do so, the Architectural Committee may cause
weeds to be cut and a lien may be filed against the property for
weed mowing, not to exceed $25 per cutting. Lot owners shall
endeavor to keep lots clean of debris and waste materials so as to
preserve a neat appearance in the Subdivision.

  22. Waiver:  The failure of the Architectural Committee, any
building site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to
enforce any of the restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges to which said property, or any part
thereof, is subject, shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the
right to do so thereafter or to enforce any other restriction,
condition, covenant, reservation lien or charge.

  23. Dedication:  LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC. here by grants and
dedicates for the use of the public as streets, drives, and
sidewalks, all of the streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said
plat, and each of said streets and drives shall be hereafter known
by the respective names designated thereon, reserving, however, unto
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC., its successors and assigns, permanent
easements as set forth above, and also across or under all streets,
drives, and sidewalks shown on said plat for the installation and
maintenance of storm drains, sanitary sewers, tile, water, gas
mains, and electric and telephone lines provided further that no
person or member of the public shall at any time in the future use
any part of the streets, drives, or sidewalks for the purpose of
running any sewer or sanitary tile on, under, or across said streets
or drives without the written permission of LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS,
INC., or its successors and assigns.

  24. Term:  Except as provided in Paragraph 26, these covenants are
to run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and all
persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the
date these covenants are recorded, after which time said covenants
shall be automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10)
years unless an instrument signed by a person or persons then owning
a majority of the platted lots in Lincolnshire Fields North II has
been recorded, agreeing to change said covenants in whole or in
part.

  25. Enforcement:  Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages. The Homeowner's Association shall also have the power to
seek appropriate remedy for the enforcement of these covenants.

  26. Authority to Release Rights:  The owners of legal title of
record of eighty percent (80%) of the building sites in Lincolnshire
Fields North II shall have the authority at any time to release all
or, from time to time, any part of the restrictions, conditions,
covenants, reservations, liens, or charges herein set forth
applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver or
release in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois, such
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set forth.

  27. Homeowner's Association: It is understood that all lot owner's
shall be members of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association,
a not for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State
of Illinois. All lot owners in Lincolnshire Fields North II agree to
accept membership in said association and to abide and be bound by
the reasonable rules and regulations of said association and to
maintain membership therein so long as such lot ownership is
retained. Each owner-member shall be subject to assessment for
annual dues to the association not to exceed $25.00 unless a larger
amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots. It is further
specifically understood that fire service protection shall be
contracted for the subdivision through the Homeowner's Association
and that each lot, when improved with a residence, will be subject
to an assessment for its pro rata share of the expense of the
contract with the fire department and for fire hydrant rental
commencing with the beginning of construction.

  Accordingly, the Homeowner's Association shall have the following
powers:
    (a) Authority to enforce these covenants.

    (b) Authority to levy a fire protection assessment and to have
assessment collected as a part of real estate taxes.

    (c) Authority to levy dues assessments.

  28. Post Lanterns: Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy of
his lot install and maintain an electric post lantern within ten
(10) feet of the intersection of his driveway and street
right-of-way. The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of
darkness and shall be equipped with an automatic control device for
this purpose. The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights
having an equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts.

  29. Construction: If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason
becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC.

DATED at Champaign, Illinois, this    day of June, 1978.

        Owner-Developer
        LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS, INC.


        By ___________________________________
          Joseph C. Hallbeck, President


  Attest: ________________________________
       Helen M. Hallbeck, Secretary
