LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHEAST
        A Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois
          Protective Covenants

STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
        ) SS.
COUNTY OF CHAMPAIGN   )


          OWNERS' CERTIFICATE

LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO., a Delaware corporation, and WESTW00D
INVESTMENT CO., a Delaware corporation, both corporations being
authorized to transact business in the State of Illinois, and being
the legal owner's of portions of the following described real estate
respectively:

Beginning at the Northeast corner of the Southeast Quarter of
Section 21, Township 19 North, Range 8 East of the Third Principal
Meridian; thence S 0~-12.3'E along the East Line of said Section 21,
46.00 feet; thence S 89~-58.7'W, 60.24 feet to the P.C. of a curve
to the left having a radius of 399.35 feet; thence along said curve,
281.65 feet to the P.R.C. of a curve to the right having a radius of
190.00 feet; thence along said curve to the right, 94.53 feet;
thence S 0~-01.3'E, 138.50 feet; thence S 89~-58.7'W, 390.00 feet;
thence S 63~-29.5'W, 278.88 feet; thence S 74~-58.7'W, 258.87 feet;
thence S 59~-58.7'W, 115.60 feet; thence S 44~-58.7'W, 212.10 feet;
thence S 59~-58.7'W, 200.00feet; thence S 89~-58.7'W, 200.00 feet;
thence N 15~-01.3'W, 200.00 feet; thence N 0~-01.3'W, 356.80 feet;
thence N 30~-01.3 'W, 150.00 feet; thence S 89~-58.7'W, 200.00 feet;
thence S 44~-57.0'W, 254.60 feet; thence N 89~-58.5'W, 78.21 feet;
thence N 0~-02.1'W, 345.14 feet; thence N 89~-58.7'E, 120.73 feet;
thence N 31~-46.4'W, 17.79 feet to the North Line of the Southeast
Quarter of said Section 21; thence S 890-13.8'E, along the North
Line of the Southeast Quarter of said Section 21, 394.97 feet;
thence N 0~-24.3'W, 20.81 feet; thence N 89~-58.7'E, 1326.90 feet;
thence S 0~-18.8'E, 39.18 feet to the North Line of the Southeast
Quarter of said Section 21; thence S 89~-13.8'E along the North Line
of the Southeast Quarter of said Section 21, 130.00 feet; thence S
1~-43.4'W, 139.78 feet; thence S 89~-43.1'E, 93.38 feet to the P.T.
of a curve to the left having a radius of 130.00 feet; thence along
said curve to the left, 209.95 feet to the North Line of the
Southeast Quarter of said Section 21; thence S 89~13.8'E along the
North Line of the Southeast Quarter of Said Section 21, 312.72 feet
to the place of beginning, said tract containing 27.97 acres, more
or less, situated in Champaign County, Illinois, and have caused the
same to be surveyed by Charles S. Danner, Registered Illinois Land
Surveyor Number 1470, and have subdivided said real estate into
lots, streets and utility easements as indicated on the annexed
plat, bearing the Certificate of the said Charles S. Danner under
date of March 4, 1966, said subdivision to be known as LINCOLNSHIRE
FIELDS NORTHEAST, a Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois.


            DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

Accessory Building: Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building or
to the main use of the premises.

Building Area: That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

Building Site: A portion of the subdivision consisting of at least
Ninety-five per cent (95%) of one entire lot as platted.

Dwelling: The main building on a building site to be designed for
and used exclusively for a residence and to be occupied exclusively
by a single family.

Ground Floor Area: That portion of a dwelling which is built over a
basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over any
other portion of the dwelling.


          AREA OF APPLICATION

The covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to Lots 101
through 128 inclusive, and Lots 135 through 156 inclusive.


            COVENANTS

  1. Allowable Structures:  No structure shall be erected, altered,
places or, permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use of the premises.

  2. Architectural Control:

    a. Committee Membership:  The Architectural Control Committee is
composed of:

        ROBERT R. SHAPLAND
        JOHN C. 0 'BYRNE, and
        JAMES H. GALLIVAN

    A majority of the committee may designate a representative to
make its report.  In the event of death or resignation of any member
of the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. At any time, the then record owners of a
majority of the lots in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTH EAST shall have
the power through a duly recorded written instrument to change the
membership of the committee or to withdraw from the committee or
restore to it any of its powers and duties.

    b. Powers:  It is the purpose of Architectural Control to
promote the residential development of LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHEAST
and to enhance property values; therefore, the Architectural Control
Committee shall
have the right and power to reject approval of plans submitted if
they do
not benefit and enhance the residential development of the area;
such approval, however, shall not be unreasonably withheld.

    The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce side
yard requirements by not _more than twenty per cent (20%) of the
required side-yard and to reduce front and rear-yard requirements by
not more than ten per cent (l0%)of the applicable required front or
rear yard.

    c. Procedures:

      (1) Building Plats, etc.:  No building, dwelling, fence or
other structure or excavation shall be erected, constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision 
unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the proposed
construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material and color scheme
thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan showing lot lines,
boundaries of the building site, distance from the boundaries of the
building site to the buildings and the grading plan of the building
site shall have been submitted to and approved by the Architectural
Committee, and until a copy of such plans and specifications, plot
plan and grading plan as finally approved is deposited for permanent
record with the Architectural Committee.

      (2) Approval by Architectural Committee: The Architectural
Committee shall, upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion.  If the committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with.

      (3) Right of Inspection: During any construction or alteration
required to be approved by the Architectural Committee, any member
of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such committee,
shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during reasonable
hours, any building site embraced within said subdivision, and the
improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not
the provisions herein set forth have been and are being fully
complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass by reason
thereof.

      (4) Waiver of Liability:  The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
any other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided,
shall not be deemed to be a waiver by the said committee of its
right to withhold approval as to similar other features or elements
embodied therein when subsequently submitted for approval in
connection with the same building site or any other
building site. Neither the said committee nor any member thereof,
nor the present owner of said real estate, shall be in any way
responsible or liable for any loss or damage, for any error or
defect which may or may not be shown on any plans and specifications
or on any plot or grading plan, or planting 
or other plan, or any building or structure or work done in
accordance with any other matter, whether or not the same has been
approved by the said committee or any member thereof, or the present
owner of said real estate.

      (5) Constructive Evidence of Action by Architectural
Committee:  Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or
insuring title to any building site, lot or parcel in such
subdivision, or any lien thereon or interest therein, shall be fully
justified in relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by
any member of the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall
fully protect any purchaser or encumbrancer in good faith in acting
thereon.

  3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size:  It is the intent and
purpose of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be of
the quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. The ground floor area above surrounding grade of the
main structure, exclusive of open porches, shall be not less than
1800 square feet, including attached enclosed garage, for a dwelling
of less than two stories; in the event the main structure is a two
story dwelling, the ground floor area, including attached garage,
shall not be less than 1000 square feet, exclusive of open porches,
and the total required floor area shall be not less than 2000 square
feet, including attached enclosed garage and exclusive of open
porches.

  4. Building Location:  No building shall be located on any lot
nearer than twenty-five (25) feet to the front street right-of-way
line; where a larger setback is shown on the recorded plat, the
larger plat setback shall control.  No part of a dwelling shall be
located nearer to a side lot line than a distance equal to l0%  of
the width of the lot at that point, except that a five foot side
yard shall be acceptable for permitted accessory buildings located
forty (40) feet or more back from the minimum building setback line.

  As a general rule, no dwelling shall be located on any interior
lot nearer than thirty (30) feet to the rear lot line; however,
where a different rear building setback line is shown upon the
recorded plat such plat designation shall control.

  Setbacks shall be measured from the applicable property line to
the nearest building foundation.

  With respect to lots bordering upon the Golf Course, no structures
or fences or plantings shall be erected in the rear setback area
from the Golf Course except with the permission of the Architectural
Committee. It is the intent of this covenant to provide a reasonable
view of the Golf Course to owners all of lots bordering upon it; it
is not intended to prohibit all structures, fences and plantings but
merely to control the nature and extent of such development.

  Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of the building
site rather than the platted lot lines.

  5. Dwellings per Building Site:  Only one dwelling shall be
constructed
per building site; no replatting or subdividing of these lots shall
be permitted, the effect of which would be to reduce the area or
width below ninety-five per cent (95%) of the area and width as
platted.

  6. Easements:  Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on the recorded
plat and also upon the front six (6) feet of all lots except Lots
101 through 104 and Lots 135 through 149.  No structure shall be
erected over areas reserved for easements which would interfere with
the construction or maintenance of said utilities.  All connections
to utility services shall be made underground.

  A temporary easement is reserved across the North ten (10) feet of
the East 665.82 feet of the Southeast Quarter (SEQ) of Section 21
aforesaid for installation and maintenance of temporary overhead
electric power.

  Any required above-ground appurtenances to the underground utility
systems shall be located within six (6) feet of side lot lines.

  7. Percentage of Lot Coverage:  All buildings on a building site,
including accessory buildings, shall not cover more than thirty per
cent (30%) of the building site.

  8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction:  All buildings
erected on any building site shall be constructed of material of
good quality
suitably adapted for use in the construction of residences, and no
old building or buildings shall be placed on or moved to said
premises.  Accessory buildings shall not be erected, constructed or
maintained prior to the erection or construction of the dwelling.
The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary buildings and
structures erected by builders in connection with the construction
of any dwelling or accessory building and which are promptly removed
upon completion of such dwelling or accessory building.

  9. Non-occupancy and Diligence during Construction:  The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein.  No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted.

  10. Temporary Structures:  No structure of a temporary character,
trailer,  basement, tent, shack, garage, barn, or other out-building
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

  11. Signs:  No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public
view on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one
(1) square foot, one sign of not more than five (5) square feet
advertising the property for sale or rent, or signs used by a
builder or Lincolnshire Realty Co. to advertise the property during
the construction and sales period.

  12. Oil and Mining Operations:  No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying or mining operations of any kind
shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot.  No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained or permitted
upon any lot.

  No person, firm or corporation shall strip, excavate or other
remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises from
which the
shall be taken, except in connection with the construction or
alteration building on such premises and excavation or grading
incidental thereto.

  13. Livestock and Poultry:  No animals, livestock, or poultry of
any kind shall be raised, bred or kept on any lot, except that no
more than
two dogs, cats or other common household pets may be kept provided
that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any commercial
purpose.

  14. Garbage and Refuse Disposal: _No lot shall be used or
maintained as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage or other
waste shall not be
kept except in sanitary containers. All incinerators or other
equipment for
the storage or disposal of such material shall be kept in a clean
and sanitary condition and stored in a manner either inside a garage
or other building or below ground so as not to be visible from other
property.

  15. Storage:  No building material of any kind or character shall
be placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such
materials shall be placed within the property lines of the building
site upon
which improvements are to be erected.

  16. Street Sight Line Obstruction:  No fence, wall, hedge or shrub
planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two and
six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to remain
on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the street
property lines and a line connecting them at points 30 feet from the
intersection of the street property lines, or in the case of a
rounded property corner from the intersection of the street property
lines extended. Further, none of the above described obstructions
shall be placed or permitted to remain in the triangular area formed
by a street property line, either edge of any driveway, and a line
connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward from the edge of the
driveway and a point on the edge of the driveway ten (10) feet from
the street property line.

  17. Sewerage System:  No individual sewage disposal systems shall
be installed or maintained on any lot if a public sewerage system is
available to serve the site.

  18. Off-street Parking:  All property owners shall provide either
a garage or car-port for the number of automobiles in use by the
owner or resident on the property.  All property owners or residents
in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHEAST owning or possessing trucks which
they desire to park in the subdivision shall provide an enclosed
garage for the storage of same when not in use.

  19. Sidewalks and Driveways:  Each property owner shall repair and
maintain in good condition any sidewalk provided for his respective
lot until such time as the responsibility for repair and maintenance
has been accepted by public authorities.  Driveways between the
sidewalk and street shall be paved with concrete or asphalt.

  19A. Tracts D and E:  LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO. reserves to itself,
its successors and assigns, an easement across Tracts D and E for
drainage and for ingress and egress to and from the Golf Course.

  20. Nuisances:  No noxious or offensive activity shall be carried
on upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or
may become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on
vacant lots shall be cut
between June 1 and June 15, and again between September 1 and
September 15 in
each year. If the lot owner fails to do so the Architectural
Committee may
cause weeds to be cut and a lien may be filed against the property
for weed
mowing, not to exceed $25.00 annually.

  21. Waiver:  The failure of the Architectural Committee, any
building site owner or the present owner of said subdivision to
enforce any of the restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens or charges to which said property, or any part
thereof, is subject, shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the
right to do so thereafter or to enforce any other restriction,
condition, covenant, reservation, lien or charge.

  22. Dedication:  Lincolnshire Realty Co. and Westwood Investment
Co. hereby grant and dedicate for the use of the Public as streets,
drives, and sidewalks, all of the streets, drives and sidewalks
shown on said plat, and each of said streets and drives shall be
hereafter known by the respective names designated thereon,
reserving, however, unto Lincolnshire Realty Co. and Westwood
Investment Co., their successors and assigns, permanent easements as
set forth above, and also across or under all streets, drives and
sidewalks shown on said plat for the installation and maintenance of
storm drains, sanitary sewers, tile, water and gas mains and
electric and telephone lines; provided further that no person or
member of the Public shall at any time in the future use any part of
the streets, drives or sidewalks for the purpose of running any
sewer or sanitary tile on, under or across said streets or drives
without the written permission of Lincolnshire Realty Co., its
successors and assigns, and with respect to Lakeshore Drive, the
consent of Westwood Investment Co., its successors and assigns,
shall likewise be required.

  23. Term:  Except as provided in Paragraph 25, these covenants are
to  _
run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and all
persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the
date these covenants are recorded, after which time said covenants
shall be automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10)
years unless an instrument signed by a majority of the then owners
of lots in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHEAST has been recorded, agreeing
to change said covenants in whole or in part.

  24. Enforcement:  Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages.

  25. Authority to Release Rights:  The owners of legal title of
record of eighty per cent (80%) of the building sites in
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHEAST shall have the authority at any time
to release all or from time to time any part of the restrictions,
conditions, covenants, reservations, liens or charges herein set
forth applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver
or release, in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois,
such restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens or
charges shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set
forth.

  26. Homeowner's Association:  It is understood that a LINCOLNSHIRE
FIELDS Homeowner's Association shall be formed and that the initial
registration and membership fee shall be paid by Lincolnshire Realty
Co.  All lot owners in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS NORTHEAST agree to accept
membership in said Association and to abide and be bound by the
reasonable rules and regulations of said association and to maintain
membership therein so long as such ownership is
retained. Each owner shall be subject to assessment for annual dues
to the
association, not to exceed Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) unless a
larger amount is approved by the owners of 80% of the lots.

  27. Post lantern:  Each lot owner shall upon actual occupancy of
his lot install and maintain a gas or electric post lantern within
ten (10) feet of the intersection of his driveway and street
right-of-way. The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of
darkness and shall be equipped with an automatic control device for
this purpose.

  28. Construction:  If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens or charges
herein
provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason becomes
unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.


WESTWOOD INVESTMENT CO. joins in the execution of this Owners'
Certificate solely for the purpose of joining in the dedication of
Lakeshore Drive
and utility easements therein located.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument has been executed by the
President
and Secretary, respectively, of LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO., pursuant to
authority granted to them by the Board of Directors of LINCOLNSHIRE
REALTY CO. at a meeting held on January 4, 1966, in accordance with
the By-Laws of said Corporation.  Further, this instrument has been
executed by WESTWOOD INVESTMENT CO. by its President and Secretary,
respectively, pursuant to authority granted to them by the Board of
Directors of said Corporation at a meeting held August 13, 1965.

      DATED at Champaign, Illinois, this 13th day of January, 1966.
