NOTE:  Articles 22 through 26 and 28 and 29 of the Covenants
presented in this document are approximations of the language
contained in the document filed in the Champaign County Recorder’s
Office.


          LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS SOUTHEAST
          a Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois


              RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS


STATE OF ILLINOIS   )
        ) ss
CHAMPAIGN COUNTY    )


               OWNERS' CERTIFICATE


LINCOLNSHIRE REALTY CO., a Delaware Corporation, being authorized to
transact business in the State of Illinois, and being the legal
owner of the following described real estate respectively:

Beginning at a point on the East line of the SE ¼, Section 21 , T.
l9 N., 11., R. 8 E., 3rd P.M., Champaign County, Illinois, lying
450.79 ft. North of the Southeast corner of said SE ¼, Sec. 21, T.
l9 N., R. 8 E., 3rd P.M.; thence South 89° 56’ 03” W. 851.70 ft. to
a point; thence S. 60° 08’ l9” W. 431.00 ft. to a point; thence S.
18° 52’ 02” W. 62.87 ft. to a point; thence S. 89° 14' 00" W. 160.00
ft. to a point, thence along a curve to the right having a long
chord, with a course and length of S. 32° 56' 53” W., 26.7l ft., and
having a radius of 513.ll ft. for a distance of 26.74 ft. to a
point; thence S 34° 32’ 01” W. 13.75 ft. to a point; thence around a
curve to the left with a radius of 134.74 ft. for a distance of
79.4l ft. to a point; thence S. 0° 46’ 00” W. 50.00 ft. to a point
on the South line of said SE ¼, Sec. 21; thence N. 89° 14’ 00” W.
along said South line SE ¼, Sec. 21 a distance of 60.00 ft.; thence
N. 0° 46’ 00” East 50.00 ft. to a point; thence around a curve to
the right with a radius of 194.74 ft. for a distance of ll4.71 ft.
to a point; thence N. 34° 32' 01” E. 13.75 ft. to a point; thence N.
81° l9’ 54” W. 143.05 ft. to a point; thence N. 30° 04’ 30” E.
127.50 ft. to a point; thence North 0° 01’30” W. 249.72 ft. to a
point; thence N. 45° 02’ 00” W. 494.65 ft. to a point; thence North
0° 01’ 30” W. 171.02 ft. to a point; thence North 47° l4’ 00” E.
340.40 ft. to a point; thence S. 89° 58’ 15” E. 99.87 ft. to a
point; thence S. 75° 00’ 45” E. 258.9” ft. to a point; thence S. 70°
00’ 00” E. 365.42 ft. to a point; thence S. 86° 46’ 04” E.  481.88
ft. to a point, thence N. 80° 54’ 29” E. 298.00 ft. to a point;
thence N. 0° 0l’ 30” W. 70.00 ft. to a point; thence S. 80° 46' 25”
E. 138.52 ft. to a point; thence N. 89° 59’ 45” E. 40.00 ft. to a
point on the said East line SE ¼, Sec. 21; thence S. 0° 10’ 30” E.
747.80 ft. along said East line SE ¼, Sec. 21 to the point of
beginning, containing 32.70 acres more or less and lying within the
S ½, SE ¼, Sec. 2l, T. l9 N., R. 8 E., 3rd Principal Meridian
Champaign County, Illinois. 

and have caused the same to be surveyed by D. Wayne Shoemaker,
registered Illinois Land Surveyor Number 1684, and have subdivided
said real estate into lots, streets and utility easements as
indicated on the annexed plat, bearing the Certificate of the said
D. Wayne Shoemaker under date of September _____, 1967, said
subdivision to be known as LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS SOUTHEAST, a
Subdivision in Champaign County, Illinois.

It is hereby provided that all conveyances of property hereafter
made by the present or future owners of any of the lands described
in the aforesaid Surveyor's Certificate shall, by adopting the above
description of said platted lands, be taken and understood as if
incorporating in all such conveyances, without repeating the same,
the following restorations as applicable .

            DEFINITIONS

For the purpose of this declaration, certain words and terms are
hereby defined.

Accessory Building: Separate building or buildings located on the
same building site and which are incidental to the main building; or
to the main use of the premises.

Building Area: That portion of a building site within which the
construction and maintenance of main buildings is permitted.

Building Site: A portion of the subdivision consisting of at least
Ninety-five per cent (95%) of one entire lot as platted.

Dwelling: The main building on a building site to be designed for
and used exclusively for a residence and to be occupied exclusively
by a single family

Ground Floor Area: That portion of a dwelling which is built over a
basement or foundation above surrounding grade but not over any
other portion of the dwelling.

              AREA OF APPLICATION

The covenants below, in their entirety, shall apply to lots 17, and
20 through 85 inclusive, as shown on plat of Lincolnshire Fields
Southeast. 

            COVENANTS

1. Allowable Structures: No structure shall be erected, altered,
placed or permitted to remain on any building site other than one
detached single family dwelling, a private garage for not more than
three (3) cars, and other accessory buildings incidental to
residential use of the premises.

2. Architectural Control:

       a. Committee Membership: The Architectural Control Committee
is composed of:  ROBERT R. SHAPLAND, JOHN C. O'BYRNE, and GEO.
SODEMANN

A majority of the committee may designate a representative to make
its report. In the event of death or resignation of any member of
the committee, the remaining members shall have full authority to
designate a successor. At any time, the then record owners of a
majority of the lots in LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS SOUTHEAST shall have the
power through a duly recorded written instrument to change the
membership of the committee or to withdraw from the committee or
restore to it any of its powers and duties.

       b. Powers: It is the purpose of Architectural Control to
promote the residential development of LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS SOUTHEAST
and to enhance property values; therefore, the Architectural Control
Committee shall have the right and power to reject approval of plans
submitted if they do not benefit and enhance the residential
development of the area; such approval, however, shall not be
unreasonably withheld.

The Architectural Committee shall have the power to reduce side-yard
requirements by not more than twenty per cent (20%) of the required
side-yard and to reduce front and rear yard requirements by not more
than ten per cent (10%) of the applicable required front or rear
yard, and minimum dwelling size requirements where the size, shape
and location of the lot warrants such variance in the opinion of the
Architectural Committee.

       (1) Building Plats, etc.: No building, dwelling, fence or
other structure or excavation shall be erected constructed, altered
or maintained upon, under or above or moved upon any part of said
subdivision unless the plans and specifications thereof, showing the
proposed construction, nature, kind, shape, height, material and
color scheme thereof, and building elevations, and a plot plan
showing lot lines,-boundaries of the building site, distance from
the boundaries of the building site to the buildings and the grading
plan of the building site shall have been submitted to and approved
by the Architectural Committee, and until a copy of such plans and
specifications, plot plan and grading plan as finally approved is
deposited for permanent record with the Architectural Committee.

       (2) Approval by Architectural Committee: The Architectural
Committee, shall upon request, and after satisfactory completion of
improvements, issue its certificate of completion. If the committee
fails to approve or reject any plan or matter requiring approval
within thirty (30) days after plans or specifications have been
submitted to it, or in any event if no suit to enjoin construction
has been commenced prior to the completion thereof, approval shall
be conclusively presumed and the related covenants shall be deemed
to have been fully complied with. 

       (3) Right of Inspection: During any construction or
alteration required to be approved by the Architectural Committee,
any member of the Architectural Committee, or any agent of such
committee, shall have the right to enter upon and inspect, during
reasonable hours, any building site embraced within said subdivision
and the improvements thereon, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether or not the provisions herein set forth have been and are
being fully complied with and shall not be deemed guilty of trespass
by reason thereof.

       (4) Waiver of Liability: The approval by the Architectural
Committee of any plans and specifications, plot plan, grading, or
any other plan or matter requiring approval as herein provided,
shall not be deemed to be a waiver by the said committee of its
right to withhold approval as to similar other features or elements
embodied therein when subsequently submitted for approval in
connection with the same building site or any other building site.
Neither the said committee nor any member thereof, nor the present
owner of said real estate, shall be in any way responsible or liable
for any loss or damage, for any error or defect which may or may not
be shown on any plans and specifications or on any plot or grading
plan, or planting or other plan, or any building or structure or
work done in accordance with any other matter, whether or not the
same has been approved by the said committee or any member thereof,
or the present owner of said real estate.

       (5) Constructive Evidence of Action by Architectural
Committee: Any title company or person certifying, guaranteeing, or
insuring title to any building site, lot or parcel in such
subdivision, or any lien thereon or interest therein, shall be fully
justified in relying upon the contents of the certificate signed by
any member of the Architectural Committee and such certificate shall
fully protect any purchaser or encumbrances in good faith in acting
thereon.

3. Minimum Dwelling - Quality and Size: It is the intent and purpose
of these covenants to assure that all dwellings shall be off the
quality of workmanship and materials substantially the same or
better than that which can be produced on the date these covenants
are recorded. The ground floor area above surrounding grade of the
main structure, exclusive of open porches, shall be not less than
1800 square feet, including attached enclosed garage, for a dwelling
of less than two stories, in the event the main structure is a two
story dwelling, the ground floor area, including attached garage,
shall not be less than 1000 square feet, exclusive of open porches,
and the total required floor area shall be not less than 2000 square
feet, including attached enclosed garage and exclusive of open
porches.

4. Building Location: No building shall be located on any lot nearer
than twenty-five (25) feet to the front street right-of-way line,
where a larger setback is shown on the recorded plat, the larger
Flat setback shall control. No part of a dwelling shall be located
nearer to a side lot line than a distance equal to 10% of the width
of the lot at that point, except that a five foot side yard shall be
acceptable for permitted accessory buildings located forty (40) feet
or more back from the minimum building setback line.

As a general rule, no dwelling shall be located on any interior lot
nearer than thirty (30) feet to the rear lot line; however, where a
different rear building setback line is shown upon the recorded Flat
such plat designation shall control.

Setbacks shall be measured from the applicable property line to the
nearest building foundation.

With respect to lots bordering upon the Golf Course, no structures
or fences or plantings shall be erected in the rear setback area
from the Golf Course except with the permission of the Architectural
Committee. It is the intent of this covenant to provide a reasonable
view of the Golf Course to all owners of lots bordering upon it; it
is not intended to prohibit all structures, fences and plantings but
merely to control the nature and extent of such development.

Where a building site consists of more than one lot, the above
provisions shall be applicable to the boundary lines of the building
site rather than platted lot lines.

5. Dwellings per Building Site: Only one dwelling shall be
constructed per building site; no replatting or subdividing of these
lots shall be permitted, the effect of which would be to reduce the
area or width below ninety-five per cent (95%) of the area and width
as platted.

6. Easements: Easements for installation and maintenance of
underground utilities and drainage facilities are reserved as noted
on ~ the recorded plat and also upon the front six (6) feet of all
lots. No building or outside facility within the subdivision shall
be supplied with utility service lines above the surface of the
ground. Each lot owner shall grant a written easement for such
underground service upon request of the interested utility. No
structures, walls, fences, plantings or any materials shall be
placed, planted or permitted to remain within the platted easements
or public ways which may damage or interfere with the installation,
operation or maintenance of the utilities, All utilities serving
this subdivision and all connections made thereto shall be located
beneath the surface of the ground, excepting there from transformer
installations and service pedestals. Required above ground
appurtenances to the underground utility systems shall be located
within six (6) feet of the side lot lines.

7. Percentage of Lot Coverage: All buildings on a building site
including accessory buildings, shall not cover more than thirty per
cent (30%) of the building site.

8. Permissible Building - Order of Construction: A11 buildings
erected on any building site shall be constructed of material of
good quality suitably adapted for use in the construction of
residences, and no old building or buildings shall be placed on or
moved to said premises. Accessory buildings shall not be erected,
constructed, or maintained prior to the erection or construction of
the dwelling.  The provisions herein shall not apply to temporary
buildings and structures  erected by builders in connection with the
construction of any dwelling or accessory building and which are
promptly removed upon completion of such dwelling or accessory
building.

9. Non-Occupancy and Diligence during Construction: The work of
construction of any building or structure shall be prosecuted
diligently and continuously from the time of commencement until the
exterior construction shall be fully completed and the interior
construction is substantially completed, and no such building or
structure shall be occupied during the course of original exterior
construction or until made to comply with the restrictions and
conditions set forth herein. No excavation except as is necessary
for the construction of improvements shall be permitted.

10. Maintenance of Lot Site during Construction: During the course
of construction, a11 materials and equipment shall be stored only on
the lot on which construction is under way; debris and waste
involved in the construction shall be confined to the lot on which
construction is under way and shall be burned or removed each
Saturday or be suitably covered.  The intent of this covenant being
to ma n arid preserve a clean and neat appearance in the subdivision
at all times.

11. Temporary Structures: No structure of a temporary character,
trailer, basement, tent, shack, garage, barn or other out-building
shall be used on any lot at any time as a residence either
temporarily or permanently.

12.  Signs: No sign of any kind shall be displayed to the public
view on any lot except one professional sign of not more than one
(1) square foot, one sign of not more than five (5) square feet
advertising the property for sale or rent, or signs used by a
builder or Lincolnshire Reality Co. to advertise the property during
the construction and sales period.

13. Oil and Mining Operations: No oil drilling, oil development
operations, oil refining, quarrying or mining operations of any kind
shall be permitted upon or in any lot, and no oil wells, tanks,
tunnels, mineral excavations or shafts shall be permitted upon or in
any lot. No derrick or other structure designed for use in boring
for oil or natural gas shall be erected, maintained or permitted
upon any lot.

No person, firm or corporation shall strip, excavate or otherwise
remove soil for sale or for use other than on the premises from
which the same shall be taken, except in connection with the
construction or alteration of a building on such premises and
excavation or grading incidental thereto.

14. Livestock and Poultry: No animals, livestock, or poultry of any
kind shall be raised, bred or kept on any lot, exempt that no more
than two dogs, cats or other common household pets may be kept
provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any
commercial purpose.

15. Garbage and Refuse Disposal:  No lot shall be used or maintained
as a dumping ground for rubbish. Trash, garbage or other waste shall
not be kept except in sanitary containers. All incinerators or other
equipment for the storage or disposal of such material shall be kept
in a clean and sanitary condition and stored in a manner either
inside a garage or other building or below ground so as not to be
visible from other property.

16. Storage: No building material of any kind or character shall be
placed or stored upon a building site until the owner is ready to
commence improvements in compliance with an approved architectural
plan and then such materials shall be placed within the property
lines of the building site upon which improvements are to be
erected.

17. Street Sight Line Obstruction: No fence, wall, hedge or shrub
planting which obstructs sight lines at elevations between two and
six feet above the roadways shall be placed or permitted to remain
on any corner lot within the triangular area formed by the street
property lines and a line connecting them at points 30 feet from the
intersection of the street property lines, or in the case of a
rounded property corner from the intersection of the street property
lines extended. Further, none of the above described obstructions
shall be placed or permitted to remain in the triangular area formed
by a street property line, either edge of any driveway, and a line
connecting a point thirty (30) feet outward from the edge of the
driveway and a point on the edge of the driveway ten (10) feet from
the street property line.

18. Sewerage System: No individual sewage disposal systems shall be
installed or maintained on any lot if a public sewerage system is
available to serve the site.

19. Off-street Parking: All property owners shall provide either a
garage or car-port for the number of automobiles in use by the owner
or resident on the property. All property owners or residents in
LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS SOUTHEAST owning or possessing trucks which they
desire to park in the subdivision shall provide an enclosed garage
for the storage of same when not in use.

20. Sidewalks and Driveways: Each property owner shall repair and
maintain in good condition any sidewalk provided for respective lot
until such time as the responsibility for repair and maintenance has
been accepted by public authorities.  Driveways between the sidewalk
and street shall be paved with concrete or asphalt.

21. Nuisances: No noxious or offensive activity shall be carried on
upon any lot, nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or may
become an annoyance or nuisance to the neighborhood; weeds on vacant
lots shall be cut between Jun 1 and June 15 and again between
September 1 and September 15 in each year.  It the lot owner fails
to do so the Architectural Committee may cause weeds to be cut and a
lien may be filed against the property for weed mowing, not to
exceed $25.00 annually.  Lot owners shall endeavor to keep lots
clean of debris and waste materials so as to preserve a neat
appearance in the subdivision.

22. Waiver:  The failure of the Architectural Committee, any
building site owner or the present owner of said Subdivision to
enforce any of the restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges to which said property, or any part
thereof, is subject, shall in no event be deemed a waiver of the
right to do so thereafter or to enforce any other restriction,
condition, covenant, reservation lien or charge.


23. Dedication: Lincolnshire Realty Company hereby grants and
dedicates for the use of the public as streets, drives, and
sidewalks, all of the streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said
plat, and each of said streets and drives shall be hereafter known
by the respective names designated thereon reserving, however, unto
Josef C. Hallbeck and Helen M. Hallbeck and their successors and
assigns, permanent easements as set forth above, and also across or
under all streets, drives, and sidewalks shown on said plat for the
installation and maintenance of storm drains, sanitary sewers, tile,
water, and gas mains, and electric and telephone lines; provided
further that no person or member of the public shall at any time in
the future use any part of the streets, drives, or sidewalks for the
purpose of running any sewer or sanitary tile on, under, or across
said streets or drives without the written permission of Joseph C.
Hallbeck and Helen M. Hallbeck and their successors and assigns.


  24. Term:  Except as provided in Paragraph 26, these covenants are
to run with the land and shall be binding upon all parties and all
persons under them for a period of twenty-five (25) years from the
date these covenants are recorded, after which time said covenants
shall be automatically extended for successive periods of ten (10)
years unless an instrument signed by a person or persons then owning
a majority of the platted lots in Lincolnshire Fields North has been
recorded, agreeing to change said covenants in whole or in part.

  25. Enforcement:  Enforcement shall be by proceedings at law or in
equity against any person or persons violating or attempting to
violate any covenant, either to restrain violation or to recover
damages. The Homeowner's Association shall also have the power to
seek appropriate remedy for the enforcement of these covenants.

  26. Authority to Release Rights:  The owners of legal title of
record of eighty percent (80%) of the building sites in Lincolnshire
Fields North shall have the authority at any time to release all or,
from time to time, any part of the restrictions, conditions,
covenants, reservations, liens, or charges herein set forth
applicable to such area and upon the recording of such waiver or
release in the Recorder's Office of Champaign County, Illinois, such
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
shall no longer be required under the provisions herein set forth.

27. Homeowners Association. It is understood that all lot owners
shall be members in Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association, a
not for profit corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Illinois and that the initial registration and membership fee in
said association shall be paid by Lincolnshire Realty Co. All lot
owners in Lincolnshire Fields Southeast agree to accept membership
in said association and to abide and be bound by the reasonable
rules and regulations of said association and to maintain membership
therein so long as such lot ownership is retained. Each owner-member
shall be subject to assessment for annual dues to the association
not to exceed $25.00 unless a larger amount is approved by the
owners of 80% of the lots. It is further specifically understood
that fire service protection shall be contracted for the subdivision
through the Homeowners Association and that each lot when improved
with a residence will be subject to an assessment for its pro-rata
share of the expense of the contract with the fire department and
the fire hydrant rental. 

28. Post Lantern: Each lot owner shall, upon actual occupancy of his
lot, install and maintain an electric post lantern within ten (10)
feet of the intersection of his driveway and street right-of-way.
The lantern shall be illuminated during the hours of darkness and
shall be equipped with an automatic control device for this purpose.
The lantern shall be equipped with appropriate lights having an
equivalent minimum of seventy-five (75) watts.

29. Construction: If it shall at any time be held that any of the
restrictions, conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, or charges
herein provided, or any part thereof, is invalid or for any reason
becomes unenforceable, no other restrictions, conditions, covenants,
reservations, liens, or charges, or any part thereof, shall be
thereby affected or impaired.
