These Minutes from the 2010 Annual Meeting are presented pending
approval at the 2011 Annual Meeting


LINCOLNSHIRE FIELDS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL MEETING, MAY 18, 2010

The annual meeting of the Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association
(LFHA) was held at Lincolnshire Fields Country Club, 2210 Byrnebruk,
Champaign, IL on May 18, 2010 at 7:00 P.M.

Board Members Present: Bob Todd, Jeanne Martin, Ann Webbink, Scott
Anderson, Jerry Benson 
Board Members Absent: Jennace Linton and Kathy Barton
Call to Order: President Bob Todd called the meeting to order at
7:00 P.M.  
Bob asked if we had a quorum, which we did with the 109 proxy votes
and 40 attendees. 

Approval of the May 19, 2009 Annual meeting minutes: Copies of the
minutes were distributed to the attendees before the meeting
started.  A motion was made and passed to accept the minutes.

Presidents Report:
Bob Todd reported that the Spring clean up went well. The cost of
$4,600 is $7.50 per stop. That does not cover the fall clean up.

Township Road Commissioner Report:  Commissioner, Keith Padgett
indicated that the Marathon which had a course run through
Lincolnshire Fields in April went smoothly and there was no clean up
to be done. Asphalt work has been completed from Byrnebruk to Trout
Valley and on Valleybrook and Meadowbrook. All of Trout Valley will
be completed by this summer. 

Treasurer’s Report: Ann Webbink presented the report for the last
fiscal year and presented the budget. A motion was made and passed
to accept the treasurer’s report. Ann indicated that she has filed
again for tax exempt status for the association. 

Old Business:
Street light transfer: Ameren has yet to do anything. So far the
city identified three lights as theirs and the city will work with
Ameren. Since the bill is one lump sum and not broken down as to
which light is being charged for what, this seems to be a continuing
ordeal. It was suggested that perhaps the city should be contacted
about a possible light at Fields south and Windsor.

Website-covenants: Lincolnshire Fields Homeowners Association has a
web site. A volunteer completed scanning in all the covenants which
can now be seen on  the web site along with the minutes and board
members names and contact information. 

Sign: The landscaping has been completed at the entrance sign to the
subdivision on Cobblestone. The owner of the property where the sign
is located, will be paid $100 per year and grant LFHA access to a
water source. Brown Woods, the company who did the landscaping, will
maintain it for one year at a cost of $800. The board will have an
in depth discussion whether or not to continue paying such a fee
when the contract comes up for renewal. Scott was wondering if
anyone was interested in other entrance signs, however there seemed
to be little interest from members present. 

Commons: Since the remaining encroachments on the SE commons have
existed for so long and have been “grandfathered in”, a concern was
expressed that it be made clear to the home owners that these
existing encroachments should be maintained by the property owner.  


New Business:

Election of New Board Members:
  Jennace Linton, Jerry Benson and Kathy Barton’s  three year terms
have now expired. Jennace Linton would like to be re-appointed for
another 3 years and continue as secretary. John Ison and Jeff Hays
have agreed to accept a position on the board. No other nominations
being made, a motion was made to accept the re-appointment of
Jennace Linton and nominate John Ison and Jeff Hays as new members
of the Board for a 3 year term, each. Motion carried. It was
seconded and passed.  

Miscellaneous Business: It was asked if it is ok to burn leaves in
our area outside city limits. The answer is yes, however leaves
should not be burned in the street and there are free fall pickups. 

Newsletter items: It was brought up that there should be a reminder
in the newsletter that there is free yard waste disposal though the
township provided the homeowner takes no grass clipping or wet items
to the Township Highway Department burn site, which is located near
the Township Hall at the end of Kearns Road off Staley between the
hours of 7 A.M.-3:30 P.M. Monday through Friday. The township will
also pick up Christmas trees. We are reminded not to burn on the
street. 

A mention of the Architectural committee function and chair, Dan
Hallbeck, should be included in the fall newsletter. 

Adjournment:
The annual meeting was adjourned at 7:45 P.M. 


Respectfully submitted,
Jeanne Martin/Jennace Linton, Secretary
