Minutes of the LFHA Board Meeting Monday, November 1, 2010

Call to order:  President Scott Anderson called the meeting to order
at 7:00 p.m. at Jeannie Martin’s home.

Members Present:  Bob Todd; Scott Anderson; Ann Webbink, Jeanne
Martin, John Ison, Jennace Linton, Jeff Hays

Members Absent: none

Approval of Minutes:  The minutes of the August 10, 2010 meeting and
brain storming session were approved with a few modifications in
wording.

Treasurer’s Report:  Ann passed out copies of her report. There are
52 dues still outstanding. Ann called about “the Greens”, which has
11 homes. They have elected to be part of LFHA. The cost to send
dues notification to owners was $212.14 which included labels and
stamps. Motion and vote taken to pay this amount. The Brown’s Woods
contract is almost paid in full. The original contract will need to
be checked. Bob will look for the contract. There are two insurance
policies now.  One is general and one for board of directors. There
is a new option that covers internet. It was agreed that we do not
need that coverage. Ann said she has gotten some feedback that the
work on the sign looked great. A rather nasty letter was sent to the
Treasurer about liens and late charges for dues. Steve Johnson often
posts messages on the board, however none of us has figured out how
to retrieve those messages.  Treasurer’s report was approved. 

President’s Report: Scott indicated that he has been following up on
complaints that have been reported to him. People should not park in
the street over the evening hours. During construction projects,
vehicles parked along the street have been a problem. It was decided
that when the architectural committee approved a project, they
request the owners discuss with the contractor how to control
parking. Cars could be parked in the drive of the owners and on one
side of the street. Some people have cars parked in their driveways.
This one is a hard one to enforce with people having multiple cars
in the family. Scott suggested that maybe in a newsletter, we
discuss what some of complaints have been, what the covenants say,
and how the board has dealt with them. Since there have been so many
upgrades recently, Scott wondered if we could get a newsletter out
sooner with pictures.  It was decided to wait until the spring. 

Old Business: 
Recent projects approved and undertaken by the board have made
significant improvements to the LFHA property. With the tree removal
and trimming on the south common, the area West of the Meadow
entrance off has been widened and improved. The sign looks great
with a power wash, new lettering and landscaping. It would look even
better if it could be illuminated in the evenings. Solar lights do
not seem to be that bright so Jeannie Martin will look into a solar
“power source.”  The bill for the power wash of the sign was
approved. Several members would like to continue exploring the
missing areas of sidewalk throughout the subdivision. Answers to
questions such as: how is the township involved and who pays for
damaged sidewalk replacement or repairs once it is installed needs
to be looked into. The club should also be approached since some of
the missing sidewalk is on club property. The board needs to
understand its rights and responsibilities before proceeding. Jeff
will look into some of these questions as well as covenants and
plats. 

All board members agreed that spending the money for two yard waste
pick ups in the Fall was a good idea. 

New Business: 
Since most people do not clear their walks in the winter, a
paragraph in the newsletter should ask people to be more diligent
with this issue. 

It was suggested that we might make an effort to seek email
addresses. Putting them all together and keeping them current might
be more work than we are able to handle, however. 

Jeannie has the old Lincolnshire Fields lettered sign. Wants to know
what to do with it. Since it is copper, it was suggested that she
might take it to the recycle center. 

Next Board Meeting:  The next board meeting will be on Monday,
February 7, 2011, at 7:00 P.M. at Anne Webbink’s home. 

Adjournment:  The meeting was adjourned at 8:40 p.m.

Respectfully submitted,
Jennace Linton
