IMPORTANT DATES AND REMINDERS

1. The annual Fall Yard Waste pickup will be held on Monday and
Tuesday, November 26th and 27th, 2007.  Please have your yard waste
at the curb by 7:00 am on Monday.  If it doesn't get picked up on
Monday, it will be picked up on Tuesday.  All yard waste must be in
paper bags or tied in 3'-4' bundles.  This is a service provided by
LFHA in conjunction with the Champaign Township Road District.
Nothing will  be picked up that is other than yard waste (leaves,
grass clippings, twigs and small branches, etc.)

2. All residences are required to have a yard light in working
order.  It is especially important in the dark winter months.  Now
is a good time to stock up on extra bulbs so that when your bulbs
burn out, you will have extra handy for easy replacing.

3. The board has been asked to remind all homeowners our covenants
state there is no overnight parking on the street.  Please make sure
all cars are in your garage rather than on the street.  Overnight
guests should park in your driveway.

4. We hope you have circled your calendar to remind yourself to pay
your $25 annual assessment on time.  The due date is October 31st.
Checks should be mailed to our treasurer, Ann Webbink.  If dues are
not paid by Oct. 31st, there will be a $10 late fee added.  If we
have not received your assessment and late fee by Dec. 31st, you
will receive a certified letter, then have two weeks to pay.  If by
then end of the two weeks we have not received your check, a lien
will be filed against your home and the homeowner will be
responsible for paying not only the $35.00 assessment fee but also
the cost of filing the lien.  


        EXCITING NEWS!!!!
      LFHA has established a website!!!
  You will find minutes of our meetings, copies of the newsletter, a
listing of the LFHA board members, the history of Lincolnshire
Fields, photos of our area, a list of people to contact, copies of
our covenants and by-laws and much more.  Try it out!  If you have
ideas to add to the sight, please contact a board member and we'll
see to it that the website is updated!

  Many, many thanks to Vern Maguson for taking on the project of
establishing the website and making it a reality!  We are adding
individual area subdivisions covenants within Lincolnshire Fields
Homeowners Association to the website as volunteers transcribe them
from the Champaign County Recorders Office.  Please take a look at
Vern's wonderful work and keep checking the site for new additions! 


      LFHA ENCOURAGES RECYCLING

With all the talk about global warming, whether you believe it or
not, there are very good reasons to recycle.  We notice that many of
our Lincolnshire Fields homeowners do recycle, but many more could!
We encourage everyone to make an effort to recycle their plastic,
aluminum cans, tin cans, glass, newspapers, and cardboard.  Most
garbage haulers pick up recyclables if they are separated, so check
with your hauler to see what they do accept and how to separate
items.  Let's do our part in Lincolnshire Fields to make our planet
a bit greener!

FACT:  Plastic bottles that go to landfills take 700 years to
decompose.
FACT:  8 of 10 plastic water bottles become landfill waste.
FACT:  Manufacturing bottled water uses over 1.5 million barrels of
oil per year.  In one 
             year, that's enough oil to fuel 100,000 cars.
FACT:  It takes 95% less energy to recycle aluminum than it does to
make it from raw       
materials, recycled newspapers takes 40% less energy, recycled
plastic takes70%   less, and recycled glass takes 40 % less.


Lincolnshire Fields Homeowner's Association
c/o Jennace Linton, Secretary
3101 Valleybrook
Champaign, IL  61822
