Important Dates and Reminders

1. The annual Fall Yard Waste pickup will be held on Monday and
Tuesday, November 24th and 25th, 2008. Please have your yard waste
at the curb by 7:00 a.m. on Monday. If it doesn't get picked up on
Monday, it will be picked up on Tuesday. All yard waste must be in
paper bags or tied in 3' - 4' bundles. This is a service provided by
LFHA in conjunction with the Champaign Township Road District.
Nothing will be picked up that is other than yard waste (leaves,
grass clippings, twigs and small branches, etc.).

2. In doing your pruning and yard clean-up, please note that trees
and shrubs that intrude onto sidewalks should be trimmed by the
homeowner. Plantings between the sidewalk and the street are
included. This will allow unimpeded pedestrian use. Your neighbors
thank you for your efforts.

3. Attention All Dog Owners: In order to be respectful of
homeowners' property and their dogs, please keep all dogs on a leash
when you and your dog(s) are out walking. This will provide safety
for the person, the dogs involved, and the property. Dog leashes are
required by law in Champaign County. In addition, let's continue to
keep our neighborhood clean by picking up dog waste.

4. NO DUES FOR THIS YEAR. Do Not send in your $25 assessment fee for
this year. The treasurer will just have to go through the trouble of
sending it back. However, remember that when you are assessed the
fee in the future, you must pay it or a lien will be filed on your
property. If you have a lien, you would have been notified by
registered letter.

5. A Related Reminder: If you are selling your property, your
realtor needs to call Ann Webbink, LFHA treasurer, before the house
is sold to obtain a release letter indicating that the dues have
been paid for assessed years.

6. Safety Issues: Several homes have been broken into in our
neighborhoods over the past months. It is very important that we
have our yard lights in working condition and take precautions to
secure our homes. Do not leave garage doors up or doors unlocked. Be
a watchful neighbor.

Kudos to the following Lincolnshire Fields homeowners who completed
major renovations and additions during the past year. Projects this
large challenge the patience of all involved; however, the end
results benefit not only the owners but all the neighbors, too.
Thanks for beautifying our neighborhood with "new" homes!
  Mike and Sue Ciolli     2116 Bymebruk
  Ron and Barb Endsley      4004 Lake Point
  Rick and Teresa Reifsteck   1909 Trout Valley
  Bill and Monir Saska      2016 Trout Valley
  Tim Wild and Marjorie Williams  1915 Trout Valley
We know there are likely some that we missed. If you let us know, we
will gladly include them in the next newsletter.

An up to date list of Board Members and the contact information for
each is available by choosing LFHA Board from the Menu to the upper
left of this page.
